Ryan/Kevin/Jalani,

  Can we schedule a telecon sometime in the next two weeks to discuss this

  submittal?  Or potentially my questions would be answered by the next level

  of detail on the case.  I want to make sure we are all on the same sheet

  regarding company ELC reqs, what is included (not included) during the period

  of support (e.g. is repair & return included, is there a specific spares

  list with an associated flight hours, what consumables are included versus

  what will company have to support, if no consumables are in included when will

  a consumable list be available for company to initiate their provisioning),

  presume USG will handle delivery under transportation line (CNIT provided

  flight crew).

  What are the contract deadlines for CNIT to have funds available to execute

  this effort within FY12?

  Thanks,

  Chip

  Chip...regarding your questions. The follow on effort includes ""spares"" (consumables and repairables, along with Ground Support Equipment), training of 6 pilots and 22 maintainers, and a Field Service Representative (FSR) for a period of one year.  The contractor will be responsible for the shipping and export requirements of all items.  I have discussed the FY 12 funding requirement with NIPO and told them that funding must be received NLT 1 July, in order to ensure we  make a FY 12 award.  Any later than that and the risk goes up.  They understand that and are working to that end.

  Other questions:

  1)  is repair & return included?  If you talking about warranty work, then the extended warranty from the storage contract will go out to one year after the expiration of the normal one year factory warranty (which begins upon aircraft acceptance by the USG), OR 500 flight hours whichever occurs first.  All warranties issues will be between EADS and the govt of company.

  2) is there a specific spares list with an associated flight hours?  No

  3)  presume USG will handle delivery under transportation line (CNIT provided

  flight crew)? The contractor, not CNIT, will be responsible for the delivery of all spares.  The delivery schedule will be a part of their proposal when submitted.

  Please let me know if there's anything else I can provide for you.  I'm currently working on the PWS for this and when I get a good draft, I'll send it to you to review and comment if desired.  Also, I think having a weekly conference for this effort is a great idea.  We can get NIPO, the Coast Guard, us, yourself and EADS (as required) on it.  You can set one up at a time of your convenience and send out a meeting maker, or let me know and I can handle it.

  Kevin Holland

  CNIT Aviation PM

  NAWCAD AIR 4.5.1

  301-757-1176

  This email is UNCLASSIFIED.