Dear Selected CandidateMy User is Daniel Richter a current artist and exhibitions major at Saatchi Gallery, my work subverts the genre of epic historical painting. You were referred with 5 other students from the organization Of California(UCLA) organization educational chamber of commerce to work and study for $600 weekly. I am very busy as my interest in this career has developed around Europe and because of your academic studios and my own work experience you were selected to work for me as my PA. Please read below carefully and apply. I am seeking someone who can handle my customer service maintenance by shopping, mailing letters and making payment whenever I am experiencing a high-volume sale or out of country. As my assistant, you will maintain extensive knowledge of offering a good Walmart or any art supplies shopping option I give you. If approved to work for me, I will not be able to meetup right now for an interview due to my Contemporary Fine Arts exhibition in Berlin, Germany which will be going on until the end of March. However, I need someone who can start employment right me right now but I’ll get festive seasons break. An advance payment will be made for all purchases and mailing you do for me during your employment time and you are free to resign respectively if you lose interest in working for me. This is a very simple employment. You will only mail Business and personal letters, purchase small art supplies sold at any nearby stationary store and make payments on our behalf to suppliers when I am too busy to do so. Please domain.com https ://www. saatchigallery. com/ artists/ daniel_richter. htm to see more about my epic historical paintings. If you are approved. I look forward to meeting you in person upon my arrival to discuss the opportunity of making this a long-term employment. In the meantime, I am willing to consider your employment request if you apply. How do you want your details to appear on all payments and documents? Please full User, Address, Age, School email, Alternate email and cell phone number to danielrichter1962@ gmail. com for consideration Please check provided email 30 minutes after applying for quick response.Sincerely, DANIEL RICHTER