From: "Hawaiian Airlines" <HawaiianAirlines@em.hawaiianairlines.com>
Subject: Enjoy 50% Off a Companion Ticket! More Travel, More Rewards!
To: Pascal, Amy
Date: Wed, 01 Oct 2015 20:14:15 +0000
Message-Id: <0.0.5.360.1user@domain.com>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: multipart/mixed;
	boundary="--boundary-LibPST-iamunique-1369549809_-_-"

Hawaiian Airlines

  html { -domain.com-text-size-adjust:none; }
  v:* { behavior: url(#default#VML); display:block;}
  .yshortcuts {border-bottom: none !important;}
  .ReadMsgBody { width: 100%;}
  .ExternalClass {width: 100%;}
  .ExternalClass *{ line-height:100%;}




    domain.com Hawaii and enjoy extra perks with the new Hawaiian Airlines® World Elite MasterCard®¹



    View this email in your browser | Add us to your address book



Amy Pascal 317 560 850 



    EXPLORE



    BOOK A FLIGHT



    MY ACCOUNT



    PURCHASE MILES



        Enjoy exclusive travel benefits with the new Hawaiian Airlines® World Elite MasterCard®:



            •
             Earn 35,000 bonus miles when you spend 
  $1,000 or more in purchases within the first 90 days²



            •
            Enjoy a complimentary 1st checked bag when you use your card to purchase eligible 
  tickets from Hawaiian Airlines³



            •
            Receive a one-time 50% off companion  
  discount for roundtrip coach travel between   
 North America and Hawaii4




        Annual fee of $89/year¹



                                    LEARN MORE



    Click here to learn more about the Hawaiian Airlines® Business MasterCard®.



                       ¹Offer subject to domain.com approval. Not everyone will qualify for the World Elite MasterCard domain.com card. If at the time of your application you do not meet the domain.com criteria previously established for this offer, or the income you report is insufficient based on your obligations, we may not be able to open an account for you. This offer is available to new Cardholders only. Please see Terms and Conditions for more information about rates, fees, the annual fee, costs, and terms for this particular offer before applying.



                        ²35,000 bonus HawaiianMiles are earned if you use your new World Elite MasterCard Account within ninety (90) days after account opening for $1,000 in Purchases that are not later returned, disputed, or rescinded. Bonus HawaiianMiles will be awarded at the close of the Cardholder's billing statement after the qualifying purchase(s) have posted.
                        ³Complimentary First Checked Bag: The Primary Cardmember is eligible to  earn one (1) complimentary first checked bag on Hawaiian Airlines operated flights. International flights are excluded. Value of the first checked bag is equivalent to the current “1st checked bag” fees listed on domain.com/bagfees. Offer is not valid for codeshare flight segments operated by Hawaiian Airlines and marketed by other airline partners. All ticket purchases (original and exchanges) must be made with the Hawaiian Airlines World Elite MasterCard premium product and purchased directly from Hawaiian Airlines. HA Vacation Package purchases do not qualify as direct purchases from Hawaiian Airlines. Applicable overweight and excess baggage fees will apply. See domain.com/bagfees for complete terms and conditions on the complimentary first checked bag domain.com and general baggage policies for Hawaiian Airlines.
                        4Companion Discounts: New Primary Cardmembers are eligible to earn a one-time 50% off discount toward one published roundtrip coach fare for a Companion. One-time 50% off discount is valid for 13 months. Primary Cardmembers are also eligible to earn a one hundred ($100) discount off one coach companion ticket on each domain.com card account anniversary upon payment of annual fee and is valid for 12 months from account anniversary. Discounts are valid only for coach fare for named HawaiianMiles member for roundtrip travel between North America and Hawaii booked directly through the Primary Cardmember's HawaiianMiles account using their Hawaiian Airlines World Elite MasterCard and is subject to change. Ticketing by E ticket only. Discount not applied to taxes, fees, and surcharges. Government taxes and fees and carrier-imposed fees will be applied to each ticket purchase. Costs subject to change. Fares are subject to availability. Additional baggage charges may apply. Offer not valid on Neighbor Island flights, multi-city reservations, code share flights with Hawaiian codeshare airlines, First Class or Extra Comfort fares, or open tickets. Discount cannot be applied to tickets already purchased. eCertificate offer can only be redeemed through HawaiianMiles' member's account on domain.com. eCertificates are not transferable, have no cash value, and will not be replaced if lost or stolen. eCertificate may not be combined with, applied to, or used in conjunction with any other discount, promotional offer or tour package. Flights booked in H and K class of service may not qualify for other airline frequent flyer miles. Standard Hawaiian Airlines eCertificate Terms and Conditions apply. See domain.com for complete terms.

Please refer to the Hawaiian Airlines World Elite MasterCard FAQs and Terms and Conditions for more information about the program benefits and features.

The Hawaiian Airlines World Elite MasterCard is issued by Barclays Bank Delaware (Barclaycard) pursuant to a license by MasterCard International Incorporated. MasterCard and MasterCard World Elite are registered trademarks of MasterCard International Incorporated.




If you do not wish to receive future emails, please click on the link below to unsubscribe.



                        UNSUBSCRIBE



                        UPDATE E-MAIL PREFERENCES



                        PRIVACY POLICY



                        CONTACT US



                        Please do not reply to this e-mail address. 



                        This e-mail has been sent to you at user@domain.com You have received this advertising message because you have subscribed to receive e-mails from Hawaiian Airlines.



                        Hawaiian Airlines • 3375 Koapaka St., Ste G350 • Honolulu, HI 96819



                       20141001_Barclays_CC-ITA-Email_MLD


