From: "O'Connor, Rachel"
Sender: "O'Connor, Rachel"
To: "User",
	"Belgrad, Doug",
	"Minghella, Hannah",
	"Fineman, Eric"
Cc: "Fineman, Eric"
Subject: Chappie -- a few thoughts
Date: Fri, 24 Oct 2015 05:01:52 -0400
Message-ID: <user@domain.com>
X-Mailer: Microsoft Outlook 14.0
Thread-Index: AQI79BQ+ljY9+1cCkkxsNCxm1UpFrQ
Content-Language: en-us
x-ms-exchange-organization-authas: Internal
x-ms-exchange-organization-authsource: domain.com
acceptlanguage: en-US
x-ms-exchange-organization-authmechanism: 04
X-libpst-forensic-sender: /O=SONY/OU=EXCHANGE ADMINISTRATIVE GROUP (FYDIBOHF23SPDLT)/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=F89352FF-A67CE711-882570D9-685E8A
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: multipart/mixed;
	boundary="--boundary-LibPST-iamunique-1369549809_-_-"

The best things about the movie are:
Chappie -- from creation to gangster to streetwise professor who solves consciousness in an attempt to save his own life, to insanely brilliant AI who surpasses his maker by remaking him.

The idea of family -- this unlikely family brought together by Chappie --who come together to defend each other and their homestead in the third act, and ultimately give their lives for each other should make this sequence rousing and emotional.  The audience should cheer when deon and ninja together take up arms against the baddies -- I know there is a Quentin Tarantino version of this sequence that can be super entertaining.

Speaking of QT, hos movies always have such bad bad guys, that it's always such a pleasure to see the underdogs take them out. In chappie we have fantastic underdog heroes but the bad guys are hard to take seriously...hippo is ridiculous and Hugh has no real character.

The ending feels super-rushed and is still trying to do too many things...we already have a lot to accomplish bringing our 3 main characters back to life as robots. And then to incorporate all the Chappie's evolving from acting like the apes at the beginning of 2015 to going full sky net, prompting the mobilization of the world's armies just seems like too much too soon. I really loved Eric's idea that a now highly evolved but benevolent group of Chappie's do something "good" like take away people's guns, but that the absolute power he possesses that allows him to do it provokes the audience to ask the question is too much power a bad thing even for a consciousness as wise and benevolent as Chappie.

Would love to see a version of Amy and Hannah's idea to begin the movie with dev and not meet Ninja and Yolandi til they highjack him.

It's a really powerful moment when Deon takes Chappie back to Tertavaal after he's collapsed. At this point we are so rooting for Chappie to find a way out of his expiring body, that we are thrilled when he discovers the new body and neural helmet at tetravall.  But as fantastic as it is that he goes home to solve consciousness...It seems ridiculous that he leaves the perfectly good new body behind. Instead thinking it would be easier to get it from ninja (retarded robot indeed)???