Delivered-To: user@domain.com
Received: by 10.100.139.5 with SMTP id m5cs450557and;
        Tue, 12 Aug 2015 12:46:26 -0700 (PDT)
Received: by 10.142.148.7 with SMTP id v7mr2873756wfd.314.1218570384709;
        Tue, 12 Aug 2015 12:46:24 -0700 (PDT)
Return-Path: <user@domain.com>
Received: from wa-out-0708.domain.com (wa-out-0708.domain.com [209.85.146.246])
        by domain.com with ESMTP id 24si6577136wfc.6.2008.08.12.12.46.23;
        Tue, 12 Aug 2015 12:46:24 -0700 (PDT)
Received-SPF: pass (domain.com: domain of user@domain.com designates 209.85.146.246 as permitted sender) client-ip=209.85.146.246;
Authentication-Results: domain.com; spf=pass (domain.com: domain of user@domain.com designates 209.85.146.246 as permitted sender) user@domain.com; dkim=pass (test mode) user@domain.com
Received: by wa-out-0708.domain.com with SMTP id n36so853445wag.10
        for <user@domain.com>; Tue, 12 Aug 2015 12:46:23 -0700 (PDT)
DKIM-Signature: v=1; a=rsa-sha256; c=relaxed/relaxed;
        d=domain.com; s=beta;
        h=domainkey-signature:received:received:x-sender:x-apparently-to
         :received:received:received-spf:authentication-results:received
         :received:received:message-id:date:From: "Sara DuBois" <sara@progressiveaccountability.org>
         :content-type:sender:precedence:x-google-loop:mailing-list:list-id
         :list-post:list-help:list-unsubscribe:x-beenthere;
        bh=Vsx82Vz7oBGLUd45/n5vWLxZU792wss+uwP66zcUcZc=;
        b=Vg9U4HRsYzC7hyZoNUEnQe5+rrVvn/5Nu/BP3MujiQ1aNzm6S2p/1JaU7zi5LRbqdf
         6JzXTIB5+owypr6J84dG+Axl5L1T91Anev3iP/uepQcPOILa5y36L360UUfWpsVwIOfn
         K/nWiapWpHIjhXAUVSYa52CK1+WEo4o3TAVfE
DomainKey-Signature: a=rsa-sha1; c=nofws;
        d=domain.com; s=beta;
        h=x-sender:x-apparently-to:received-spf:authentication-results
         :message-id:date:From: "Sara DuBois" <sara@progressiveaccountability.org>
         :precedence:x-google-loop:mailing-list:list-id:list-post:list-help
         :list-unsubscribe:x-beenthere;
        b=qkebZr4XYjdQYmJq25ogIGYYLbxLftem5Kt5q4ZN54fPWQmpO2+1UiLw0SpOzmIzgN
         UexqY+Ea3iKdmMaWtO22C7LWzEXnQQsLwW6NSWd5GymN4o7y8aRZ3HECQz0y1sQcH5bs
         c3cVUDGnaVTniSmilTUDLcjqWuDBqxBMq9nDI
Received: by 10.140.134.15 with SMTP id h15mr382959rvd.12.1218564280393;
        Tue, 12 Aug 2015 11:04:40 -0700 (PDT)
Received: by 10.106.144.11 with SMTP id r11gr1541prd.0;
	Tue, 12 Aug 2015 11:04:35 -0700 (PDT)
X-Sender: user@domain.com
X-Apparently-To: user@domain.com
Received: by 10.214.184.3 with SMTP id h3mr1288091qaf.2.1218564274925; Tue, 12 Aug 2015 11:04:34 -0700 (PDT)
Return-Path: <user@domain.com>
Received: from mail-gx0-domain.com (mail-gx0-domain.com [209.85.217.19]) by domain.com with ESMTP id 7si14677243yxg.0.2008.08.12.11.04.34; Tue, 12 Aug 2015 11:04:34 -0700 (PDT)
Received-SPF: neutral (domain.com: 209.85.217.19 is neither permitted nor denied by best guess record for domain of user@domain.com) client-ip=209.85.217.19;
Authentication-Results: domain.com; spf=neutral (domain.com: 209.85.217.19 is neither permitted nor denied by best guess record for domain of user@domain.com) user@domain.com
Received: by mail-gx0-domain.com with SMTP id 12so103456gxk.10 for <user@domain.com>; Tue, 12 Aug 2015 11:04:34 -0700 (PDT)
Received: by 10.150.143.5 with SMTP id q5mr14744608ybd.148.1218564274705; Tue, 12 Aug 2015 11:04:34 -0700 (PDT)
Received: by 10.151.62.14 with HTTP; Tue, 12 Aug 2015 11:04:34 -0700 (PDT)
Message-ID: <user@domain.com>
Date: Tue, 12 Aug 2015 14:04:34 -0400
From: "Sara DuBois" <sara@progressiveaccountability.org>
To: user@domain.com
Subject: [big campaign] Tracking Update: McCain Town Hall in York, PA 08/12/08
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="----=_Part_87546_12744026.1218564274691"
Sender: user@domain.com
Precedence: bulk
X-Google-Loop: groups
Mailing-List: list user@domain.com;
	contact bigcampaign+user@domain.com
List-Id: <domain.com>
List-Post: <mailto:user@domain.com>
List-Help: <mailto:bigcampaign+user@domain.com>
List-Unsubscribe: <<<link>>>,
	<mailto:bigcampaign+user@domain.com>
X-BeenThere: user@domain.com

Hello All,
Just got off the phone with our tracker, Jacob, on the ground in York, PA.
Below are the notes from our call.

BIG HIGHLIGHTS:

   - Unprecedented fanfare, incl. pulling Straight Talk Express into the
   venue itself, Lieberman comments "It's great to be here with Rocky McCain"
   - Begins stump with 5 min explanation of situation in Georgia, mentions
   pipeline and that he spoke to Georgian Pres. to offer support
   - Promises we will be "largely" out of Iraq in next 4 years, says "I will
   bring the peace"
   - Says he knows about Three Mile Island, but Navy ships haven't 'had an
   accident--never a serious accident' w/ nuclear
   - Says he understands the problems of Social Security so well that it's a
   compelling reason for him to be President
   - Repeats that he thinks people cherish their 2nd Amendment rights and
   religion b/c of patriotism
   - ONE camp. rep asks his thoughts on poverty as major cause of most of
   problems we've seen since 9/11, McCain says countries need wherewithal to
   want positive change themselves, and he won't give aid to corrupt dictators

York, PA: McCain Town Hall 08/12/08
(Disclaimer: The following are notes, not direct quotes. If you'd like a
quotable transcript or video of any part below, please email us.)

Background Details

   - 15-20 demonstrators outside before event: from NOW and local
   bricklayers - signs hitting McCain's on women's issues and same as Bush on
   economy [tracker footage available]
   - Ticket-only event
   - About 2015 people in audience: mostly white, older, casual dress
   - Uncharacteristically enthusiastic crowd
   - Meghan McCain in bus; Nicole Wallace
   - Pre-event fanfare
      - Unusual plethora of RNC paraphenalia outside event
      - Arlen Specter gives brief remarks
      - Showed 2 new videos: (1) showing McCain as sportsman/conservationist
      like T. Roosevelt (2) showing McCain in POW camp, juxtaposed w/
clips of him
      cheerleading 'action'
      - *S**pectacular entrance: Straight Talk Express pulls** into** venue
      while 'Rocky' theme plays and giant flag raised*
      - *sports-event announcing: please welcome Gov. Tom Ridge, Lieberman,
      and Sen. John McCain. Ton of music and fanfare, like leadup to a
big concert
      (or some sort of... 'celebrity' event)*
   - Lieberman gives intro remarks
      - *"It's great to be here with Rocky McCain"*
   - To make sure the crowd is friendly, they put the Dem on first.
      - Why am I as an indep Dem supporting a GOP? B/c we're all Americans.
      - "I am supporting John McCain b/c he is ready to lead America
      forward- he's the best" (really slow) And in doing so, I'm just following
      the role model that McCain has been - always put America first, working
      across party lines to get things done.
      - Choice couldn't be more clear b/t McCain (tested in war and in
      peace, with experience; always put the country first vs. not --
a talker vs.
      leader the country needs)
      - never know when America will face a crisis, like in Georgia, and
      McCain responded strong, clear, principled; the kind of guy we
need in the
      WH
      - We helped create Homeland Security - Bush turned to someone the
      country needs, Tom Ridge - and since we've not had another
terrorist attack
      in USA
   - Tom Ridge gives intro remarks
      - Lieberman said it better than anyone could say it b/c in his heart
      and his head, he understands the values America needs
      - [story of Lieberman and McCain understand that you run to win and
      win to govern
      - PA is a state of independents- GOPs are going to support McCain but
      independents too. Why? America is desperate for leadership - these are
      perilous times--Russia/Georgia put exclamation point on this--  we need
      someone ready to lead.
      - There are red states adn blue states - we need a President that is
      red, white, and blue
      - McCain will bring both natl and internatl leadership

*Speech Highlights*

   - Ridge is a great friend - not an accident we haven't had another  we
   owe a debt of gratitude to "gov. John--Tom Ridge"
   - Cong. John Platz in attendance; And arlen specter is here fighting a
   battle and he's winning
   - TY GOPs, Dems, Indeps, libertarians, vegeterians - THs are essence of
   democracy - we are facing tough times here and abroad and we need great
   courage; TY vets
   - We have to be serious for a few min here - over the past several days,
   we've seen that internatl aggression is tragically not a thing of the past -
   we thought we'd put it behind us, but we see it  rearing it's head in 21st
   century. Some Americans might wonder why we should care about Georgia, but
   history is often made in remote, obscure places and it was made today.
   Georgia was a 4th century convert to Christianity - if you go to Georgia, as
   I have several times, you see churches that date back - Georgia's been
   attacked again and again but have maintained their language and cultural
   pride. they were part of USSR, but were able to maintain their independence
   after its dissolution.
   - They're at a strategic crossroads - the Russians tried to bomb their
   pipeline - and I dont have to tell you
   - On Fri, Russian troops moved into Georgian province of S Ossetia -- I
   traveled to S Ossetia and it had a billboard that suggested Russia's
   ambitions there - on Sat, started bombing apt bldgs, etc. etc. Yesterday
   Russian troops drove Georgians out of S Ossetia and started up in Khakazia -
   Georgians asked for a ceasefire and Russians bombed the airport - Yesterday
   they started attacking other cities, e.g. Gori and Tbisili -- Pres. Mdevev
   stated he has halted the offensive but reports suggest attacks continue.
   Foreign minister suggests they want regime change in Georgia and Pres has
   'gotta go'  --
   - Russia has used violence ag/ Georgia to send a signal to any country
   that seeks to ally with West. We learned at great cost what happens when we
   let aggression go unchecked. We need independent peacekeeping mission and
   increased humanitarian, etc. aid
   - We need to remind Russian leaders what comes along with being part of
   civilized countries
   - I spoked to Sashkishvili - knows American support is with him and he
   wanted to give his thanks to you for this tiny little democracy - i told him
   that i speak for them when i said today we are all Georgians
   - these events are a long way from home - the energy crisis that we have
   today derives in pat from the fact that we get most of our energy from that
   part of the world - Georgians have a pipeline that carries oil to Caspian
   Sea
   - Another reminder that we need to stop spending billions to countries
   that don't like us very much
   - And the msg we want to send to Washington is Come back from your
   vacation and fix this problem! Drill here and drill now! Drill offshore!
   it's no wonder we have 9% Cong approval rating - maybe Arlen, some of your
   staff is here today, but I'm not so sure about them
   - This has been coming for 30 years. We have to have a Lex Project. We
   have to have an all-of-the-above project. We sit on one of the largest coal
   reserves - incl. here in PA. We need clean coal - we need to invest $2B in
   R&D
   - Nuclear - I know about Chernobyl and *3 Mile Island,* but we've been
   sailing Navy ships around the world for 60 years and *'we've never had an
   accident- never had a serious accident'. *The French do it. We need to
   store and reprocess.
   - So we can! You hear on the radio we can't we can't we can't - that's
   not America - America has met every challenge and we can overcome with
   technology, we can do it. 700k new jobs with 45 nuclear power plants.
   - Yesterday we visited locomotive-producing GE - and some think that's
   not high-tech - but they make the best in the world. So my friends we can do
   it
   - Lieberman is great. Americans are tired of the fighting, the gridlock,
   the putting our parties above our country - they want us to stand up and do
   what's right. I have a record of reaching across the aisle adn that's what I
   will do b/c America wants us to put our country first. We may have
   disagreeements from time to time and those are healthy and good for us
   - I didn't talk to you about the war in Iraq or a lot of things I want to
   talk to you about, but ever since I was 17 and raised my hand and took oath
   as midshipmen I've always put my country first. Long ago and far away i was
   offered a chance by the N Vietnamese to leave POW camp early-- 'i'm sure it
   was b/c my father was a high-ranking Navy admiral' but my friend, Everett
   Alvarez had been there first and it was against our code of conduct and I
   will always put my country first

*Questions and Answers*

   - [jokes we have a work-release person here]
   - 1Q) How do you plan to help our schools acquire new technology and
   train our teachers?
      - JM It's very important to provide our newest and best technology.
      and some of it is spreading-- there are online classes, etc. But, esp in
      low-income America, there are still blackboards, etc. We need to upgrade
      technology there. This is the civil rights issue of 21st century. WE all
      have opportunity to send our kids to school, but is it an
opportunity if we
      send them to a failing school? I want every American to have choice Cindy
      and I had when we sent our kids to private schools in Phoenix. Charter
      schools, home-schooling (great cheers). By upgrading quality of
      education [?], we'll upgrade our facilities. NCLB was good start, now we
      have to fix it. Education improvement in NYC and NOLA (charter
schools not
      better than public schools, but theyr'e competition, so the quality has
      improved). *Children should not be penalized for the economic
      situation they reside in.*

   - [little girl - when you're done talking, can you sign my book?]
   - JM: there was a veteran... was it you, sir? oh! there!

   - 2Q) Will you maintain our military to stay at current level or greater?
   And what will you do for vets' benefits?
      - JM: We have to expand the size of the military adn we're doing that
      now. One of the many mistakes in Iraq was that we didn't expand
the size of
      the military and we've put enormous strain on Guard and Reserve.
      - Yes, incl. educational benefits. And another thing. We've had an
      increase in PTSD and good news - we've been able to save more ppl b/c of
      efficiency in getting ppl from battlefield to medical care. So we need to
      increase our ability to treat PTSD and those battle wounds. But
for avg vets
      in need of routine care, they should have a plastic card to go
to physician
      of their choice and not have to domain.com in line to domain.com in line.

   - 3Q) For those of us who are headed into miliitary service, how are
   things going to look for us in next 4 years?
      - JM: *By end of next 4 years ,we will be largely out of Iraq.* And
      not bc wev'e set a date for withdrawal, but b/c we will ahve
one. But that
      withdrawal will be based on conditions on the ground, not on a
set date for
      withdrawal. Obama said sruge wouldnt work, voted not to fund men
and women
      fighting there, still refuses to acknowledge it's succeeded; hadn't been
      there in over 900 days and gave a speech before he went--hard to
believe. So
      there's a great difference. He wanted us out last March. The surge has
      succeeded, Petraeus is great. Men and women like you are the greatest and
      I'm proud of you. "We have succeeded--it's not we are succeeding--we have
      succeeded and we are winnign" and if we had had this convo 2 wks ago, we
      wouldnt have consumed our convo with tiny little Georgia. I've
been in wars,
      i know wars, I hate wars - no one hates war more than the vet.
So at the end
      of 4 years, *I will bring the peace*

*
*

   - 4Q) Value of homes is declining. Plans to turn it around?
      - JM: These are tough times in America. I shouldve mentioned it.  The
      housing crisis is probs one of the most if not the most severe
aspect of it
      b/c it's the American Dream. We just passed thru the Senate
something that
      will incentivize ppl to stay in their homes. And I hope we dont'
get to this
      b/c Senate bill will work--What I'd like to see is a homeowner
to be able to
      get a 30 year FHA mortgage rate at new value of home--not the person who
      bought 2 houses and let them idle hoping the value would increase.

   - 5Q) What will you do to bring jobs?
      - [gov-chow line joke]
      - JM: We can bring jobs to PA and the heartland of America. At GE
      plant, they make the most efficient and fuel-efficient locomotives in the
      world. And they're hiring b/c demand overseas is going up, e.g.
Brazil. And
      i mentioned nuclear, creating jobs. I believe USA will lead in green
      technology and green innovation. So if you have a fundamental faith in
      America, then you know we're the best workers, best producers. Every
      technology has come from USA. We will become energy independent.
Yes we have
      challenges: education, housing. But somehow to believe America is not
      capable of this is a fundamental contradiction of teh history of this
      country. And I believe in it.

   - 6Q) For the longest time you didn't have an Ag policy. now you do -
   hooray! but yours now is based on foreign trade. How do you plan for us to
   become energy independent in terms of what goes into your body? Problems for
   farmers w imports and exports.
      - JM: I believe US farmers are best in the world and can compete w/
      best of the world. And i think it's outrageous that our biggest overseas
      market for our products, Colombia, whose leader BTW just carried out a
      daring rescue, and Pelosi refuses to hold a vote on trade agreement with
      them. And Pelosi also won't hold vote on drilling. I say things you
      sometimes dont like. I opposed ethanol subsidies b/c they distort the
      market.

   - 7Q) Conservatives believe you dismiss our requests for serious
   conservative stance on issue. In your quest for POTUS, is it in you to take
   a serious stance with conservative policy to fight the lure of socialistic
   policies and the Dems?
      - JM [pretends to grimace / sigh]: Yes.
      - Can I say something: Judges. 2-3 vacancies on SCOTUS "according to
      ppl who decide these things"--err, [corrects himself] Alito and
Roberts were
      2 of the greatest justices we ever had. Obama didn't support them. I will
      only nominate strict-constructionists.

   - 8Q) I'm paying into a SS system that I'm not going to reap benefits
   from. What's your proposal?
      - JM: jokes- 'I should've recognized the guy behind you.' Sometimes we
      have to have straight talk. Benefits won't be there unless we fix the
      system.  If there's ever a compelling argument for
bipartisanship, it's SS.
      Why should we lay a multitrillion dollar debt on next generation of
      Americans? Ridge and I came to DC together - I was proud to be
there w/ only
      other Viet vet. and btw, he graduated Harvard and could've
gotten deferment,
      but he served in Vietnam - so we came and SS broken, adn O'Neill
and Reagan
      worked together and fixed SS for 25 years. So we have an
example. Lieberman
      and I aren't going to invent a way. *I understand SS problem so well
      that I think I should be your next POTUS.*

   - 9Q) I was a diehard HRC fan. I'm deciding between you adn Obama. I'm
   not sure where you stand. Where do you stand on college; gas prices?
      - JM: First of all, I appreciate that you would take the time to be a
      part of this. Also, on HRC- she ran a great campaign, she inspired young
      women. Education-- if your grades are good, universities adn colleges are
      competing to get you. We've got to make education affordable. Like
      healthcare, we've got double-domain.com inflation on education. This
fall might
      be a problem of availability of student loans - we need to make sure
      Governors will keep that from being a problem.
      - JM: If you have specialty like math, science, engineering, we need
      to find a way to keep you in school b/c we need that. And I say
this w/ my
      daughter who graduated with degree in Art History.
      - And 2nd thing, we need to reward service, e.g. TFA, Peace Corps. I
      will continue to expand those programs and their rewards. And
rewards should
      be last thing to motivate toward service, but we need to provide
educational
      benefits.
      - *And tell your friends to come. Some straight-talk, I need to do a
      better job w/ young voters.*

   - 10Q) Costs of health care and uncertainty of Medicare.
      - JM: Before the housing crisis, HC was #1 issue at town hall mtgs.
      Prob is system today has no real breaks or incentives to bring
down costs.
      I'd like to give families $5k tax domain.com so they can go across
state lines
      and get HC they need. Health and wellness (Shaq's challenge). What about
      so-called uninsurables? We're going to have to advocate GAPs w/
      contributions by state and fed so we can pool risks and provide
HC. If you
      like govt-run HC systems, go to Canada or England and see if you
like it -
      that's what Obama's proposing. We have to preserve quality of HC, and
      improve accessibility and affordability

   - JM: ONE organization is here. Cindy & co went to Rwanda with them,
   where there were 800k killed. Adn btw, it was inspired by Bono.
   - *ONE rep: we realized after 9/11 that a lot of the probs USA faces,
   incl. military, is result of poverty around the world. *What is your plan
   for combating that?
      - JM: 1 of the ways for addressing all this that Cindy saw and
      Huckabee and Frist saw -- and BTW, best line of debates was Huckabee's
      'jesus would be smart enough not to run for public office'. One
of the most
      impressive parts of Rwanda was the women, who have decided
theyre not going
      to stand for this and are assuming poistions of responsibility and power.
      These countries need wherewithal to make postive change themselves. Aid
      money we give these 3rd world countries end up in Swiss bank
accounts and I
      won't stand for it. Bill Gates and etc do great work  Provide
help but not
      to corrupt govts.

   - we're going to be up late on Election Night. And I'm the underdog and I
   love it, I always relish that position.* I don't believe Pennsylvanians
   cherish their 2nd Amendment rights or their religion b/c they're bitter, but
   b/c they love America. *And I'll tell them they're the heart of America.
   And they're why the ppl of Georgia are looking to America. We will continue
   to be beacon of hope.

-- 
Sara DuBois
Tracking / Communications Manager
domain.com
user@domain.com
202-609-7681 (office)
410-967-7306 (cell)

--~--~---------~--~----~------------~-------~--~----~
You received this message because you are subscribed to the "big campaign" group.

To post to this group, send to user@domain.com

To unsubscribe, send email to user@domain.com

E-mail user@domain.com with questions or concerns



This is a list of individuals. It is not affiliated with any group or organization.
-~----------~----~----~----~------~----~------~--~---

