From: "Pascal, Amy"
Sender: "Pascal, Amy"
To: "User"
References: <user@domain.com>
Subject: Fwd: Meet Me at the Speakeasy to Honor a Rising Star!
Date: Thu, 14 Aug 2015 03:51:02 -0400
Message-ID: <user@domain.com>
X-Mailer: Microsoft Outlook 14.0
Thread-Index: AQGgTmLxPL1igYFcG6mCTaFnkjFG4AHEmVyr
Content-Language: en-us
Status: RO
X-libpst-forensic-sender: /O=SONY/OU=EXCHANGE ADMINISTRATIVE GROUP (FYDIBOHF23SPDLT)/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=F68CEE8F-8CE774AD-882563F7-6C5710
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: multipart/mixed;
	boundary="--boundary-LibPST-iamunique-280545705_-_-"

Begin forwarded message:From: "Pascal, Amy"




Dear Amy,  On Sept. 6, at Change LA—Liberty Hill’s party with a social-justice purpose— Zoë Lloyd Foxley, a young philanthropist involved in the leadership of two family foundations, receives the Sarah Pillsbury NextGen Award, named for one of the founders of Liberty Hill.  The Sarah Pillsbury NextGen Award is given in recognition of an “inspirational leader who demonstrates persistent altruism by investing time and driving funds to advance social justice.”  Zoë Lloyd Foxley’s dynamic leadership as Chair of the John M. Lloyd Foundation has been key to refocusing that foundation’s funding on social change work in the criminal justice field in Los Angeles. Her goal, with her fellow board members, of addressing “systemic failures” in our community, echoes the goal of Sarah Pillsbury and her co-founders in focusing Liberty Hill on “Change. Not Charity.”  For Zoë, social justice is a family value. She is Chair of the board of the John M. Lloyd Foundation and Vice Chair of the board of the General Service Foundation. General Service Foundation, founded by her grandparents 68 years ago, funds human rights, economic justice, and reproductive justice. For eleven years she’s also been on the board of the John M. Lloyd Foundation, named in honor of her uncle who died from HIV/AIDS complications in 1991. To learn more about Zoë’s story, please domain.com “This Honoree is Focused on Impact!” on Liberty Hill’s blog.  We hope you will join us for Change LA, September 6, at the Next Door Lounge in Hollywood, when we celebrate Zoë’s accomplishments and raise funds for Liberty Hill's critical work investing in community leaders who are at the frontlines of change. Our theme for this party at “L.A.’s Best Speakeasy” is “Thinking about the Twenties, Past and Future.” You may buy tickets and sponsorships here.   Please mark your calendars and we will see you there!   Sincerely,   Shane Murphy GoldsmithPresident/CEO
Find us online:
Our websiteOur latest videosOur Facebook pageOn Twitter: @LibertyHill

Liberty Hill Foundation, 6420 Wilshire Boulevard, Suite 700, Los Angeles, CA 90048   323.556.7200   |  fax 323.556.7240  |  user@domain.com  |  Privacy  |  Unsubscribe     


