Return-Path: <user@domain.com>
Received: from domain.com (domain.com [193.120.211.219])
	by domain.com (8.11.6/8.11.6) with ESMTP id g6MFIJ902894
	for <user@domain.com>; Mon, 22 Jul 2015 16:18:20 +0100
Received: from lockergnome.com (sprocket.lockergnome.com [130.94.96.247])
	by domain.com (8.9.3/8.9.3) with SMTP id LAA31326
	for <user@domain.com>; Mon, 22 Jul 2015 11:19:14 +0100
X-Mailer: ListManager Web Interface
Date: Mon, 22 Jul 2015 02:49:22 -0500
Subject: [Lockergnome Webmaster Weekly]  Educational Capabilities
To: user@domain.com
From: Lockergnome Webmaster Weekly <subscriptions@lockergnome.com>
List-Unsubscribe: <mailto:user@domain.com>
List-Subscribe: <mailto:user@domain.com>
List-Owner: <mailto:user@domain.com>
X-URL: <<<link>>>
X-List-Host: Lockergnome <<<link>>>
Reply-To: user@domain.com
Sender: user@domain.com
Message-Id: <LISTMANAGERSQL-2534373-1687559-2002.07.22-02.50.49--qqqqqqqqqq-lg#user@domain.com>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/html; charset=us-ascii

20020719 Sausage Sizzler - Lockergnome - Webmaster Weekly

 07.19.2002 WebREPORT

Content Management Is Key: Need a reason your boss should be sending you to Gnomedex? Some of the leading experts on content management solutions (those things we affectionately call blogs) will be sharing the future of blogging and how you can adapt it to both the way you do business and the way you communicate in general. Join Evan Williams and Doc Searls as they share pearls of wisdom on blogging, Linux and other open source applications that are changing our lives. If that's not enough incentive, remind the boss that THE domain.com security guru, Steve Gibson, will be sharing his wisdom as well. 
Register for Gnomedex today!   

This year's SIC gets the blame for the 
lateness of this issue. Lori and I spent Wednesday thru Sunday meeting 
software authors, participating in educational sessions, viewing product 
demonstrations, and most of all having fun. This was Lori's second trip 
to an SIC conference, so she got to reacquaint herself with many familiar 
faces, while I was getting to put faces with many people I've exchanged 
e-mails with over the last several years. As much as I enjoy information 
exchange via computer, the human interaction of meeting people and 
sharing ideas and stories face-to-face is priceless.

One cool discovery at this year's SIC, pertaining directly to Webmasters, 
is Nick Bradbury's release of 
TopStyle 3.0. 
Nick's the guy who created HomeSite, long before it joined the Macromedia 
family of products. Version 3 represents a return to those HTML editing 
roots, with the addition of editing capabilities now functioning 
hand-in-hand with the rock solid style sheet building features that 
previously defined  TopStyle. Conversion of existing font tags to CSS is 
just one of several new additions. I should have a full review in one of 
the next two issues.

Also in the coming soon category - a GnomeTome on Cold Fusion, written by 
one of Iowa's resident ColdFusion experts (who also happens to be an 
expert on an International level), Kevin Schmidt. Kevin wrote the 
Training From the Source 
book on Cold Fusion 5 and is currently writing a revision for 
ColdFusionMX. The GnomeTome means we'll have a nice pairing of tips for 
both static pages, in the form of 
Dreamweaver tips, and tips on dynamic 
site development with Kevin's tips on ColdFusion.

Jake Ludington        

 GnomeMAIL
Email 911

<<link>>

E-mail remains the killer app of the domain.com, despite all the incredible 
artistic efforts by many Web designers. As we all know, e-mail is also a 
source of great frustration and misuse - turning otherwise likeable folks 
into enemies of your inbox defense system. Email 911 aims to educate the 
ignorant, while aiding those of us with a reasonable understanding of 
effective e-mail communication in ways to make e-mail even more useful. 
The newsletters and discussions affiliated with this site should be 
required reading for all corporate users, although home users would most 
certainly domain.com as well. For an exceptional look at eliminating junk 
from your inbox, check out the e-book "What Can I Do About Spam?"

 GnomeTOOLS
ApacheConf v2.0 [1.1MB] W9X/NT/W2K/XP $19.95

<<link>>

Configure your Apache httpd.conf file in a visual environment instead 
of a text editor. This tool provides a visual representation of all 
configurable options available to Apache admins, offering great 
learning capabilities for newer webmasters, as well as saving time for 
experienced administrators who tire of scrolling through screen after 
screen of configurations. A source view makes manual editing of the 
file easier, by bolding and coloring various configuration directives, 
similar to the way HTML editors mark code. Avoid typos with built-in 
error checking, which provides warnings when invalid directives are 
used.

 GnomeSERVER
Latest kbALertz for Webmaters

Q324098 - File Download Dialog Box Appears After You Turn Off File Downloads (Q324098)

Q325216 - WebCast: Administrating domain.com Explorer in Windows 2015 (Q325216)

Q265288 - FP2000: Themes Dialog Box Flashes and Then Disappears (Q265288)

Q321156 - FtpPutFile Returns Success Although the Operation Fails in domain.com Explorer (Q321156)

Q264951 - FP2000: Error 2 When You Attempt to Open Registry Key in FrontPage (Q264951)




TURBO-CHARGE YOUR FTP EXPERIENCE: TurboFTP is a fully automated 
FTP client to make your domain.com file transfer fast and efficient. It 
offers a straightforward dual-pane view that covers both a local folder 
and a remote directory. TurboFTP offers strong interruption and stall 
protection. It also allows you to drag and drop from Windows Explorer. 
TuroboFTP also includes firewall compatibility and comes with a handy 
Address Book for convenient organization of your FTP sites. 
Get Your FREE Trial Now!

 GnomeUSABILITY
Making A Commercial Case for Adopting Web Standards

<<link>>

Supporting standards and writing good code are often things that the number 
crunchers in a business don't feel are as important, when compared against 
getting the product to as many people as possible in the shortest amount of 
time possible in an effort to generate revenue. Communicating the 
importance of standards and good code can be an uphill battle; after all, 
you're just a programmer, right? MACCAWS aims to make your job easier, via 
an open discussion on the establishment of standards that will make sense 
to the folks who control the bottom line. Their mission is to educate 
business leaders by providing you the end user with tools that will help 
make a case for applying standards to your Web efforts. If you've got a 
voice you'd like to add to their cause, domain.com them on the Web and help 
  influence the course of Web standards development.

 GnomeBLOG
WAPBLOGGER

<<link>>

Post to your blog via a WAP enabled device with the assistance of this 
interface, designed by "some Swiss guy called Niklaus. As long as your 
blogging tool supports the Blogger API (most do), you'll have no problem 
updating your online thoughts, no matter where in the world you may be. 
Use a WAP browser from your Palm, Pocket PC, or even a cell phone. The 
service is currently free, hosted by Niklaus at his personal site. The 
site FAQ offers great suggestions for adding posts while keeping 
connection charges to a minimum. 

<<link>>
Your subscribed e-mail address is: [user@domain.com] - To unsubscribe or change your delivery address, please domain.com the subscription management page. For further information, please refer to the GnomeCREDITS in the sidebar.

LOCKERGNOME

 Download Our Tip Files

 Latest Windows Daily
 Latest Digital Media
 Latest Tech Specialist
 Latest Penguin Shell

 Latest Apple Core
 Latest Web Weekly
 Latest Bits & Bytes
 Latest Audio Show

 Low Price Search
 $99 Tech Conference

 The GnomeSTORE
 Tell a Friend About Us!
 Suggest a Feature
 Advertise With Us
 High-Tech Job Search
 Chat With Gnomies
 Watch The Webcams

 Computer Power User

 Read Past Issues
 Download X-Setup
 About Lockergnome
 Our Privacy Policy
 View More Options
 Our XML / RSS Feed
 Syndicate Our Tips

 Link To Lockergnome
 Get Chris's Book
 General Feedback
 E-mail the Editor
 Jake's Blog

 Our XML / RSS Feed
 Syndicate Our Tips
 Link To Lockergnome

 SOUND SYSTEMS
Yamaha RX-V1200
Sony DAVC900
Harman Kardon	AVR520
Denon	AVR5803
Pioneer VSXD811S
Pioneer Elite	VSX49TX
Sony HTDDW840
Yamaha HTR5560
BOSE LS122BK
Sony DAVC450

 GNOMESPECIALS
 Manage Your Workgroup
 Form Pilot
 Say the Time 5.0
 Boomer - Stream Now
 Create Web/CD catalog
 Easy Web Editor
 Kleptomania
 Tag&Rename
 Pretty Good Solitaire
 Visualize Color Combos
 FirstStop WebSearch
 Ecobuilder
 Book Collector
Get Listed Here
Question: which group is 250,000+ strong and always looking for stuff to make their personal and professional lives run smoother?




LOOK IT UP




CREDITS

©2002, Sausage Software and Lockergnome LLC. All Rights Reserved. Nathan Allan, the Sausage Crew and Lockergnome Lunatics spin all the content. Please read our Terms of Service.

  Search Past Issues:




GETTING PAID WHAT YOU ARE WORTH? Change your career - or get a better one! Your dream job could be a mouse click away. domain.com our job search page for a position with a future. Find a new career today!