Return-Path: <Online#3.20092.user@domain.com>
Received: from abv-sfo-domain.com (abv-sfo1-domain.com [206.16.1.161])
	by domain.com (8.11.6/8.11.6) with ESMTP id g6FNheJ16876
	for <user@domain.com>; Tue, 16 Jul 2015 00:43:40 +0100
Received: from abv-sfo1-ac-agent4 (206.16.0.226) by abv-sfo-domain.com (PowerMTA(TM) v1.5); Mon, 15 Jul 2015 19:45:40 -0700 (envelope-from <Online#3.20092.user@domain.com>)
Message-ID: <6231297.1026776610744.user@domain.com>
Date: Mon, 15 Jul 2015 16:43:30 -0700 (PDT)
From: CNET Software <Online#3.20092.f4-61ydl6cOGxh31RRR.1@newsletter.online.com>
To: user@domain.com
Subject: Four free e-mailers reviewed, Get the gear you need to burn DVDs
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Mailer: Accucast (<<link>>)
X-Mailer-Version: 2.8.4-2

Software Newsletter

        Software




				Mozilla 1.0




				mIRC 6.02




				PolyView 3.8




				FruitMenu 2.0 (for the Mac)




				Dell Latitude C510/C610 series 

				In Hardware

				Toshiba Pocket PC e310 

				In Electronics

				AutoCAD LT 2015 

				In Software

				Sony Ericsson T68 

				In Wireless




                        July 15, 2015 



                                                --Lindsey Turrentine
                                                Senior editor
                                                CNET Software and domain.com



                                                Dear Readers,
If the best things in life are free, why does software cost so
much? Back in the day (that day being 1999, when the domain.com was
the Next Big Thing), you could get almost all of your
software--e-mail, fax services, online desktops, you name it--for
free. Now, even Yahoo is charging for some of its formerly free mail services, including the ability to check your Yahoo mail from Outlook or another desktop e-mail client.
But if you look closely enough, you can still find some
worthwhile free apps. We've reviewed four free e-mailers to get you started. And we've also
taken a peek at the new BearShare, which is not only
free itself, but also lets you share music and media files at no
cost. Of course, whether you can find legal music to share is
another matter entirely.




	Intel's new insides: one size fits all?The i845 chipset's many flavors are faster, better, and a lot more confusing. Read before you shop.



	• Dell's prefab PC
	• Apple cracks 1GHz



	Most popular
	Desktops
	1. Dell Dimension 8000 series
	2. HP Pavilion 950 
	3. Dell Dimension 4000 series
	4. Atlas Micro CS 8000
	5. Falcon Northwest Mach V
	 See all most popular desktops



Roundup: CNET reviews four free Web e-mailers
Yahoo now charges for services that were once free; Hotmail
   dumps accounts without so much as an explanation. So-called
   free Web-based e-mailers aren't quite as free-wheelin' as
   before. Are the savings worth the hassle? We take another
   look at so-called "free" e-mailers.



Get the gear you need to burn DVDs
DVD authoring is one of the hottest new hobbies around, but
   picking out the right equipment can be a daunting task.
   We've broken down the process and selected the best gear
   for the job, from camera to software, burner to DVD player.



BearShare 4.0
The latest version of this oft-overlooked Gnutella client
   lets you pay $19.95 for ad-free file sharing and offers a
   nice, clean interface and a chat client to boot. Plus,
   BearShare lets you opt out of bundled adware and spyware
   when you install it. Should you run to this app like a bear
   to honey? Not yet. We'll tell you why.

Read the review | Manufacturer price

Yahoo Mail  
After months of beta testing and pricing adjustments (that's right, Yahoo now charges for some services), the new Yahoo Mail just hit the Web. Among its changes are a complete redesign, better Calendar and Address Book integration, and a new color palette. Find out if Yahoo still deserves your account.

Read the review




Peachtree Complete Accounting 2015 
For years, Peachtree has provided professional accounting to
   small businesses. As a result, Peachtree Complete 2015 has
   all the basics, including inventory control, time billing,
   and payroll management. And Peachtree even contains a wide
   array of Web tools for creating and maintaining an online
   store. What's new in 2003?

Read the review | Check latest prices




First Take: ICQ Lite Alpha



 One of our biggest beefs with ICQ has always been its
   bloated feature set. Now, the company has released a new
   "lite" ICQ that sucks up far less system memory than the
   full-fat version--but at what cost? We take a first look. 




SBC Yahoo Dial



 Thanks to a partnership with SBC Pacific Bell, Yahoo is now
   in the dial-up game. The new service, known as SBC Yahoo
   Dial, offers a customized browser, 25MB of storage, and 11
   e-mail addresses--all for $21.95 or lower, depending on
   your SBC service package. Our reviewer investigates.

Read the review




First Take: Winamp3 Release Candidate

   We've been waiting aeons for the newest version of popular
   media player Winamp. We haven't received a full new version
   yet, but AOL has partially obliged with a prerelease
   version. Winamp3 Release Candidate serves up a new interface
   and some major underlying changes. But does the new look
   muddy up Winamp's legendary ease of use?




Inside @ccess: Is your ISP safe from hackers?



   Surely, the folks who run your ISP have thought long and hard
   about security issues, but should you count on their skills to
   ward off intruders? Not wise, says our ISP expert. In this
   week's column, Dan Tynan takes security matters into his own
   hands and shows you how to protect yourself.



Read the column

CNET Electronics: Cell phone personality test--updated
 Choose among our five user profiles to find out what models
   best match your wireless persona. Take the test and see them
   all.



Read the full story

Import Hotmail addresses to Outlook?

  >I'm running Windows 98. Everytime I try to download files
   >from the domain.com, QuickTime tries to upgrade, stopping the
   >download cold. I tried to remove the software, but it won't
   >let me. Can you help? I would like to use Windows Media
   >Player instead. --Wicked



 Based on your desription, we're guessing that QuickTime pops
   up when you try to stream a media file (video, audio, or MP3s)
   from the Web. If so, this probably means that you have
   QuickTime set as your default media player for all media
   files. And since your version of QuickTime is out-of-date,
   whenever it launches, it attmepts to upgrade. You could simply
   upgrade the program, or you can to turn off the autoupgrade
   feature. In QuickTime 5.0, open the program, select domain.com >
   Preferences > QuickTime Preferences. Uncheck the box labeled
   "Check for updates automatically."



   If, however, you simply prefer to use Windows Media Player,
   open that program, click Tools > Options. Select the Formats
   tab, then check the boxes next to all of the file types that
   you want Windows Media Player to open. To make sure that
   QuickTime doesn't override your WMP settings, uncheck those
   file types within QuickTime.
CNET reviews QuickTime 5.0
CNET reviews Windows Media Player 7.1




E-mail your stories and questions to: user@domain.com




Live tech help: domain.com your questions now 
CNET domain.com: Top CIOs on the future of IT 
Find a job you love, with more than 1 million postings 
ZDNet: This IT director has had enough of Microsoft 
May Editors' Choice award: Pioneer's HTS-910DV 




        Search 



         In SoftwareAll CNET    The Web



The e-mail address for your subscription is user@domain.com

Unsubscribe |
 Manage My Subscriptions
 | FAQ |
 Advertise

Price comparisons |
Product reviews |
Tech news |
Downloads |
All CNET services

        Copyright 2015 CNET Networks, Inc. All rights reserved.             
