From: "EIC News" <eicnews@eiconline.org>
Subject: Entertainment Writers Webcast Event: A Multi-Dimensional Look at Mental and/or Substance Use Disorders, their Treatment & Recovery
To: Pascal, Amy
Date: Mon, 18 Aug 2015 18:33:22 +0000
Message-Id: <614user@domain.com>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: multipart/mixed;
	boundary="--boundary-LibPST-iamunique-1369549809_-_-"




             To make sure you receive future emails, 
            please add user@domain.com to your address book or safe list. 
            Trouble viewing this email? Click here. 



                                    The Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMHSA) and the Entertainment Industries Council  (EIC)
                                    Invite you to a Special Webcast Event for Entertainment Writers



                                    Multi-Dimensional Look at Substance Use Disorders & Mental Health: Treatment & Recovery
                                    Thursday, August 21st, at 2pm ET



                                    CLICK HERE TO WATCH LIVE



                                    Our esteemed panelists will discuss the importance of utilizing fair, correct, and respectful terminology to better depict these issues and those individuals who are affected by them. They will shed light on their experiences, both first-hand and professional, during an interactive webcast that will focus on the power that entertainment writers can have in reducing the discrimination toward people seeking treatment or in recovery from behavioral health issues including: 



                                    Prescription Drug Abuse
                                    Substance Use Disorders
                                    Co-occurring Disorders



                                    Meet our Panelists!



                        Dr. H. Westley Clark is the Director of the Center for Substance Abuse Treatment at the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMHSA), U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. He leads the agency's national effort to provide effective and accessible treatment to all Americans with addictive disorders. Dr. Clark is a noted author and educator in substance abuse treatment, anger and pain management, psychopharmacology, and medical and legal issues. 



                        John F. Kelly, PhD is the Elizabeth R. Spallin Associate Professor of Psychiatry in Addiction Medicine at Harvard Medical School. He is also the Program Director of the Addiction Recovery Management Service (ARMS), Director of the Recovery Research Institute (RRI; domain.com) and Associate Director of the Center for Addiction Medicine at the Massachusetts General Hospital (MGH). He has served as a consultant to the White House Office of National Drug Control Policy (ONDCP), the U.S. Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMHSA) Center for Substance Abuse Treatment (CSAT), the U.S. Department of Education, the National Institutes of Health (NIH) and to foreign governments. He is president of American Psychological Association Society of Addiction Psychology and is a fellow of APA.



                        Tara T. Handron is Regional Vice President in the Greater Washington, DC area for the Caron Treatment Centers, a leading non-domain.com organization in the field of comprehensive residential drug and alcohol treatment based in Wernersville, PA. Ms. Handron is responsible for the overall direction of the strategic plan and regional expansion and success of Caron DC. In addition, she is the founder of What's A Girl To Do Productions, a theatrical venture that specifically highlights work about alcoholic recovery and mental health. As part of this initiative, Ms. Handron is the writer, producer and sole performer of a one-woman critically-praised play about women, alcoholism, rehabilitation and recovery called Drunk with Hope in Chicago.



                        Moderated By:
                        Skylar Jackson is the Vice President, External Communication for the Entertainment Industries Council (EIC). She is responsible for contract/project support, event logistics, online content, development and dissemination of corporate communications, and mentoring future communicators as recruiter and manager of the EIC internship program. Skylar's work includes local and national depiction forums, think tanks and broadcasts on topics such as science, engineering & technology (S.E.T.), veteran's affairs, mental health, substance use, among others, in addition to recognition events including the ​PRISM Awards​, S.E.T. Awards, and Capital Showcase.



                        Tune in!



                         EIC East
                        1856 Old Reston Ave.  |  Suite 215  |  Reston  |  VA  |  20190
                        (703)-481-1414



                        EIC West
                        111 N 1st St. | Suite 301 |  Burbank  |  CA  | 91502
                        (818) 861-7186



                        www.eiconline.org



If you do not wish to receive future emails from EIC News, click here to opt-out.