Delivered-To: user@domain.com
Received: by 10.25.24.30 with SMTP id o30csp2906747lfi;
        Wed, 25 Mar 2015 07:47:26 -0700 (PDT)
X-Received: by 10.140.98.146 with SMTP id o18mr11784924qge.70.1427294845989;
        Wed, 25 Mar 2015 07:47:25 -0700 (PDT)
Return-Path: <user@domain.com>
Received: from smtpsf.cov.com (smtpsf.cov.com. [216.200.93.196])
        by domain.com with ESMTPS id e184si2383118qhc.78.2015.03.25.07.47.24
        (version=TLSv1 cipher=ECDHE-RSA-RC4-SHA bits=128/128);
        Wed, 25 Mar 2015 07:47:25 -0700 (PDT)
Received-SPF: none (domain.com: user@domain.com does not designate permitted sender hosts) client-ip=216.200.93.196;
Authentication-Results: domain.com;
       spf=none (domain.com: user@domain.com does not designate permitted sender hosts) user@domain.com
X-IronPort-AV: E=Sophos;i="5.11,465,1422939600"; 
   d="png'150?scan'150,208,217,150";a="6023712"
Received: from cbivexht01eus.cov.com ([10.1.75.117])
  by smtpsf.cov.com with ESMTP; 25 Mar 2015 10:47:24 -0400
Received: from CBIvEXMB05DC.cov.com ([fe80::5419:ae1e:a899:3f0f]) by
 CBIVEXHT01EUS.cov.com ([::1]) with mapi; Wed, 25 Mar 2015 10:47:20 -0400
From: "Eizenstat, Stuart" <seizenstat@cov.com>
To: "User" <user@domain.com>
CC: "Huma M. Abedin (user@domain.com)" <user@domain.com>, 
 "Huma M. Abedin (user@domain.com)" <user@domain.com>, 
 "John D. user (user@domain.com)" <user@domain.com>, 
 =?us-ascii?Q?user@domain.com=29?= <user@domain.com>
Date: Wed, 25 Mar 2015 10:47:18 -0400
Subject: Israel and Hillary
Thread-Topic: Israel and Hillary
Thread-Index: AdBnCpd5j1KlyO/ATx+UC0RaRXaTSA
Message-ID: <2024user@domain.com>
Accept-Language: en-US
Content-Language: en-US
X-MS-Has-Attach: yes
X-MS-TNEF-Correlator: 
acceptlanguage: en-US
Content-Type: multipart/related;
	boundary="_004_2024B1FCFD37FC478BCD92EC0508319F06B66FA4C9CBIvEXMB05DCc_";
	type="multipart/alternative"
MIME-Version: 1.0

Dear Jake,

The Obama White House-Bibi relationship is obviously deteriorating to the p
oint of no return. It is more poisonous than US-Israeli relationship  in my
 lifetime. Even during the Nixon/Kissinger flaps with Prime Minister Meir a
nd then Rabin after the Yom Kippur War, including Kissinger's threat of a "
reassessment" of U.S. policy; the George H.W. Bush/James Baker-Shamir perio
d, when there was an effort to freeze loan guarantees;  the Carter-Begin re
lationship leading up to Camp David and the Egypt-Israel Peace Treaty; or t
he several "reassessments" by Reagan as a result of the Israeli invasion of
 Lebanon and other actions, there was nothing like the public  personal ani
mosity that exists now. The Prime Minister's efforts to back-off his immedi
ate pre-election statements about Israeli Arab voting and opposition to a t
wo-state solution have not only been rebuffed by both the President, and mo
st recently, White House Chief of Staff Denis McDonough, but they have effe
ctively questioned the Prime Minister's candidness.  Olive branches have be
en spurned.  Fuel was added to the fire with the allegation of Israeli inte
lligence intervention in the Iran talks. There is a distinct possibility th
at the Administration may seek a new UN Security Council Resolution embodyi
ng the two-state solution, with 1967 lines and agreed land swaps, and some 
vague statements about Jerusalem.

If and when an Iran framework agreement is announced this week, this combus
tible situation will explode. I sent you a lengthy memo March 17 on the Ira
n nuclear talks, based upon my chairmanship of the Atlantic Council's Iran 
Task Force.

This obviously places Hillary in an extremely difficult position, caught be
tween the President she served and the organized parts of the Jewish commun
ity,  I have talked several times recently, including yesterday afternoon, 
with Malcolm Honlein, president of the Conference of Presidents of Major Je
wish Organizations. They have refrained from directly criticizing the Presi
dent, but he told me that he and most of his organizations are extraordinar
ily concerned about the situation, and highly desirous of Hillary making so
me statement to calm the turbulent waters. At the same time, more liberal J
ews are incensed at Bibi. However, as the NYT reports today, the vehemence 
of the President's reaction, even to Bibi's "peace offering", is turning th
e tide in Israel in the Prime Minister's favor, and may do so here, as well
.

domain.com me to suggest some points she might make. By way of background, I ha
ve very deep connections to the State of Israel and to its elected official
s and leading academics. I go to Israel two to three times a year, perhaps 
50 times since my first domain.com in 1965. My grandfather and great-grandfather
 are buried in Israel, and I have scores of relatives and friends there.  D
uring the Clinton Administration, I was responsible for the economic dimens
ion of the peace process, working with Yasir Arafat, the Jordanians and  th
e Israeli government on initiatives like Qualifying Industrial Zones (QIZs)
 in Gaza and Jordan; construction of the airport in Gaza; facilitating some
 50,000 Palestinian workers coming to Israel daily, and 20,000 trusted Pale
stinian businessmen who could enter Israel with their own cars. I co-chair 
with Dennis Ross the Jewish People's Policy Institute of Jerusalem(JPPI), a
 think tank funded by the Jewish Agency and major American Jewish federatio
ns and foundations, focusing on strategic challenges facing Israel and the 
Diaspora around the world.

First, she should stress the need to "lower the temperature level" of rheto
ric on all sides. The overall political, military, defense relationship wit
h Israel is too important to allow personal differences to intrude on the f
uture direction of U.S. policy. It is time to look to the future and not fi
xate on campaign statements, which often in all democracies can be excessiv
e, as they were here. Moreover, we must respect the democratic process in I
srael, just as we would expect Israeli leaders to accept the election and r
e-election of our President. It is time to put the election behind us, and 
roll-up our collective sleeves and get back to work on rebuilding confidenc
e and trying to develop the parameters to return to the negotiating table.

Second, she should stress the enduring commitment of the United States to I
srael's security interests, not only direct military threats, but attacks a
gainst Israel in the form of the Boycott, Divestment, Sanctions (BDS) campa
ign, on campuses in the U.S. and Europe. She should express grave concern f
or the increase in anti-Semitism in Europe and violent attacks by radical I
slamic terrorists (Obama refuses to use this term; she will need to decide 
what language to use and then stick with it) against Jews in Europe (Paris,
 Toulouse, Malmo) which
conflate their hatred of Israel with Jews in their country.

Third, and critically, she should express a strong feeling that Israel MUST
 remain a bipartisan issue, as it has been since its formation. She should 
sharply criticize those in the U.S. and in Israel who are injecting Israel 
into a partisan context. The invitation to Bibi was not only done without p
rior notice to the President, but also to the Democratic leadership.

Fourth, she should reiterate the long-standing support for the two-state so
lution, as the only one which will ensure Israel remains a majority Jewish 
democratic state. Indefinite control over two million Palestinians is not i
n Israel's interests nor theirs. This will require compromises neither side
 has been willing to make, despite Secretary Kerry's herculean efforts. It 
is important for her to remind people that in both the year 2015 with Prime
 Minister Barak and in 2015 with Prime Minster Olmert, Israel offered to wi
thdraw from 95% of the West Bank, make East Jerusalem the capital of a Pale
stinian state, and to allow up to 50,000 Palestinians to return to Israel f
or family reunions, and it was not accepted. No Palestinian leader is willi
ng to forego their "right of return". At the same time, settlement expansio
n under Bibi and his  insistence that Palestinians accept not just the "Sta
te of Israel" but "the Jewish State of Israel", does not create an environm
ent for mutual sacrifice.

Fifth, she should call for all sides to avoid unilateral actions, like the 
Palestinian effort to seek a "war crimes" investigation against Israel in t
he International Criminal Court (interestingly, just this week, the ICC ind
icated it would also investigate Hamas); settlement expansion; and efforts 
to seek a new UN Resolution to supersede UN Resolution 242, with the consen
t of neither Israel or the Palestinians (this would be controversial with t
he Obama Administration, as they would see this as a preemptive action by H
illary to preempt their effort; thus she might hold her powder on this unti
l there is more certainty what the Administration will do; still, at some p
oint, she may have to take a position; this would not negate the need for h
er to advise against unilateral actions). It is time to get back to the neg
otiating table.

Sixth, realistically, there is no clear way to break the current impasse. T
hus, she should suggest the following (I call it the diplomatic equivalent 
of the medical Hippocratic oath: "do no harm"; do not do anything that make
s a two-state solution less possible) :

(1) There will be an expansion of settlements because couples have babies. 
But these should be within established settlement blocks, which in the Clin
ton Parameters and other plans, would be part of Israel in any peace agreem
ent. In fact, over 80% of all settlement expansion is within the footprint 
of these major blocks. She should call for the Israeli government to remove
 settlement outposts which are illegal under their own law, and project dee
per and deeper into Palestinian territory and make a two-state solution imp
ossible. There has never been a mapping exercise with the Israelis on what 
they consider the parameters of the existing blocks. This should be jointly
 done.

(2) There should be an expansion of Israeli-Palestinian cooperation, which 
is important for Israel in working with the Palestinians on intelligence sh
aring against terrorists, and avoids an unsustainable military takeover of 
the whole West Bank. This could take the following forms:

(a) Establish several QIZs in the West Bank. This allows duty-free treatmen
t of products within the QIZ into the U.S., if there is as little as 10% Is
raeli content. I visited the QIZ in Gaza in July 2000, and it was a beautif
ul thing to see. There were 30 plants employing over 1000 Gazans, and a sec
ond phase was being built. The only Israeli presence, was an unarmed Israel
i soldier, who watched the products being loaded onto trucks, where they we
re whisked through the border and to the airport in Gaza. I also visited a 
QIZ in Irbid, Jordan. There are some dozen in Jordan and, I believe, around
 four to six in Egypt. Astonishingly, there are none in the West Bank. In l
ate January, at the World Economic Forum in Davos, I met with the deputy pr
ime minister of the Palestinian Authority, and raised this possibility; he 
was very positive.

(b) Restore the $400 million in tax revenues, the Israeli government is wit
hholding in response to the Palestinians going to the ICC.

(c) Begin to carefully allow vetted Palestinians to work in Israel. Again, 
at its peak, it was well over 50,000; some estimates were as high as 100,00
0.

(d) Increase the territory in the West Bank under control of the Palestinia
n Authority.

(e) Reduce the number of check points within the West Bank, given the secur
ity fence. I have a close friend in Israel (David Harman, the son of former
 Israeli Ambassador to the US Abe Harman), who teaches at Bard College, Heb
rew University, and al-Quds university in the West Bank. He has told me it 
takes up to 2 hours or more each way for some of his Palestinian students t
o get to class. This only increases anger in the Palestinian community.

(f) Allow carefully vetted Gazans to travel to and from the West Bank, if t
he PA controls the passages, along with Israelis. Also, increase the range 
of products that can be imported and exported from Gaza, and the range of f
ishing rights off the Gaza coast.

Jake, she may not wish to have all of this in one statement, and domain.com hers
elf to the First through Fifth points. But she needs to say enough to be su
bstantive.

I have sent you separately, at your request, Jewish leaders to whom she sho
uld reach out.  She needs to make a statement sooner rather than later, as 
things are spiraling out of control.

Best wishes,

Stu Eizenstat

Stuart Eizenstat

Covington & Burling LLP
One CityCenter, 850  Tenth Street, NW
Washington, DC 20001
(202) 662 5519 (tel) | (202) 778-5519 (fax)
user@domain.com<mailto:user@domain.com>
www.cov.com<<<link>>>

[cid:image002.png@01D06659.1F91DD80]<<<link>>>

