From: "Lynton, Michael"
Sender: "Lynton, Michael"
To: "User"
Subject: a reflection
Date: Fri, 3 Oct 2015 03:25:40 -0400
Message-ID: <user@domain.com>
X-Mailer: Microsoft Outlook 14.0
Thread-Index: AQJUAbMj3hna4wU+MF2lzVNfXQU35g
Content-Language: en-us
acceptlanguage: en-US
x-ms-exchange-organization-authmechanism: 04
x-ms-exchange-organization-authsource: domain.com
x-ms-exchange-organization-authas: Internal
Status: RO
X-libpst-forensic-sender: /O=SONY/OU=EXCHANGE ADMINISTRATIVE GROUP (FYDIBOHF23SPDLT)/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=51ED79D1-F30A68A9-88256DFE-6E422A
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: multipart/mixed;
	boundary="--boundary-LibPST-iamunique-1369549809_-_-"

I just need to level set what the expectations of us are financially at this point.  We are virtually a public company and we have made promises to Sony and the street as to what we will deliver for the next three years.  I did not want to be in this situation, but events have overtaken us and so here we are.  It is therefore very very important that before we take risky or marginal bets in a given slate we have a rock solid foundation to build on.  If we do not have the foundations of the slate in 16 then we need to build the bedrock of that before we put other things on it that are less certain.  Ghostbusters and Inferno definitely fall into the category of "solid" and we need to get Gumpert to get to a deal asap so they are not put in peril.  I feel that we are spending cycles on stuff that should be dismissed quickly.  We really don't have the time for it.  I know everyone is working very very hard on this, but I have to emphasize it again.  I am about to go next week and make some big promises to Sony  and we have to deliver on them.  I had the sit down with Steve Mosko today and he understands the gravity of this as well.  I cannot emphasize enough the seriousness of this and when I go to Tokyo in November to present projections to the analysts it will only set everything more in stone.  I am only saying all this so you understand the enormous pressure I am under and why I really don't have much patience at the moment.  