Return-Path: <user@domain.com>
Received: from lockergnome.com (sprocket.lockergnome.com [130.94.96.247])
	by domain.com (8.11.6/8.11.6) with SMTP id g6F9RbJ27084
	for <user@domain.com>; Mon, 15 Jul 2015 10:27:37 +0100
X-Mailer: ListManager Web Interface
Date: Sun, 14 Jul 2015 23:45:17 -0500
Subject: [Lockergnome Windows Daily]  Deeper Uplink
To: user@domain.com
From: Lockergnome Windows Daily <subscriptions@lockergnome.com>
List-Unsubscribe: <mailto:user@domain.com>
List-Subscribe: <mailto:user@domain.com>
List-Owner: <mailto:user@domain.com>
X-URL: <<<link>>>
X-List-Host: Lockergnome <<<link>>>
Reply-To: user@domain.com
Sender: user@domain.com
Message-Id: <LISTMANAGERSQL-2534368-1677076-2002.07.14-23.46.52--qqqqqqqqqq-lg#user@domain.com>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/html; charset=us-ascii

20020715 Lockergnome Windows Daily

  07.15.2002 GnomeREPORT 

CHRIS TEACHES THE BASICS: If you've got friends or family who want to learn more about their PC, from a guy who makes things nice and easy, check out the VHS release of Computer Basics in the GnomeStore. Chris teams with TechTV cohort, Kate Botello, to lead novices on a journey through their computer. From basic interactions, to installing apps, to using the domain.com and e-mail, Chris and Kate have all the basics covered. Help out a friend and  get them a copy today.    

It's official: Gretchen, Sprocket, and I will be moving in a few
weeks. Not too far, though. We'll be going deeper into the city of
San Francisco starting on the first of September. Lori and Norm
were here over the weekend (for a photo shoot); in between sets,
Gretchen invited them to join her hunt. They came upon a house
located in one of the busier parts of town. With only street
parking available, I wasn't too thrilled about investigating the
property. However, my wife seemed optimistic. We kinda knew what
we were looking for in a residence (and its neighborhood), but
also knew we'd have to make certain concessions in the process. We
parked (literally) up the hill and found our way to what would
turn out to be our future home (at least, for the next year or
so). It has lots of usable space - which is a premium here. Plus,
the landlords are extremely dog-friendly. Winner! The pictures and
videos will come, never fear.

PC World Picks
WinZip v8.1
IrfanView v3.70
ACDSee v4.0.2
Microangelo v5.5
SmartDraw
Winamp v2.80
Paint Shop Pro
Cool domain.com 2015 
domain.com v9.00a
Backup Plus v6.1.1
TextPad v4.5
Mailbag Asst v2.6c
Time and Chaos v5.4.0
SureThing Labeler
WinRAR v3.00
Blaze Media Pro

First order of business: get broadband! According to AT&T;'s Web
site, cable modem service is not available in the area. However,
DSL is an option. So, it looks like I'm going to be purchasing an
external DSL
modem in a few days. Any suggestions?
Yeah, I'm not even sure who I'll select for my provider. They
currently use SBC to get online, so I might just stick with them
for continuity's sake. Verizon has been solid enough for me here,
but I believe our loft complex has a unique infrastructure. If I
could make contact with someone from any capable system, I'd
probably go with them. I should probably get the ball rolling
soon, though - I'd hate to play the waiting game for too long.
I've heard of installation nightmares, so I'll probably be rolling
my own (again). 56k is quaint, but hardly enough pipe to get any
real work done. When you download as much as I do, every bit
counts. Oh, and did I tell you about the bites?

There are plenty of unique restaurants in just about every
direction. Plus, we're right up around the corner from a Peet's
outlet! If you need me, you know where you can find me. I'll
probably also be setting up a Wi-Fi network before too long, too.
My Proxim hardware still works, but I wasn't sure if I needed a
crossover cable to connect it to my router. Furo tells me: "If the
hub has an uplink port, then a straight cable should work between
the two, as it provides the crossover for you. If both have uplink
and non-uplink ports (workstation attachment ports), then you
would need a crossover cable between like ports. For instance, if
you were connecting a workstation port on one to a workstation
port on another, you'd have to use a crossover. Same for uplink to
uplink." How's that for home network helpfulness? Oh, if only he'd
do a free Gnometome for
us...

See You in August,              Chris Pirillo       
 GnomeDOWNLOADS

Traces Viewer v1.0 [478k] W9x/2k/XP FREE

<<link>>

{Find Web site remnants} Who knows what evils lurk on the hard
drives of mine? I'm always curious about what has been downloaded
to my PC after I have visited a website. I suppose I COULD clear
out my Temporary domain.com Files before going to every single
page... or I could just install Traces Viewer. This handy
application gives me the power to see what my PC acquires for
every website I domain.com. With Traces Viewer's easy-to-read
interface, I can see what files come from each site, and also if
the site contained any cookies.  Mmmmmm, cookies... now, how could
chocolate chip be evil?

Pixel Toolbox v1.1 [3.7M] W9x/2k/XP FREE

<<link>>

{Make your own icons} I have a compulsive domain.com of changing the
original desktop and icons in Windows to a version that mirrors my
personality. So what happens if I can't find a desktop or set of
icons that suits me? I load up Pixel Toolbox! This program allows
me to flex my creative skills by creating Windows icons and
pointers. Find yourself in a creativity slump? Well, you don't
have to strain your creative muscle. PixelToolbox allows you to
import an image that you already own, and work from there. If that
isn't enough, you can fashion your own tiled desktop or share your
creation with friends by exporting your masterpiece as a .jpg,
.png, .tga, or .tif file.

Recommend It!
 GnomeCLICKS

 GnomeSYSTEM

Software domain.com Protection Program [2.9M] W9x/2k/XP FREE

<<link>>

You NEVER pirate software, right? OF COURSE YOU DON'T! (Good
answer.) So, if someone came to your door and accused you of
software piracy, could you prove them wrong? With the Software
domain.com Protection Program (SAPP), you could. You can track every
piece of software you own with this application; you can attach an
image of your paper receipt, add information like serial numbers
and activation keys, etc., so you will never be left hunting for
these items in the future. SAPP can even create and print reports
detailing your inventory. If you own a small company and want to
make confirm that you and your employees are "Software Compliant,"
this is the program for you. You can track your software using
many different variables such as License, User ID, Software Title
or Activation Key. Don't get caught second-guessing... be certain
with the Software domain.com Protection Program!

Recommend It!
 GnomeWILDCARD
Print! v1.6 [319k] W9x/2k/XP US$39
    Unearthed by Rob Muller

<<link>>

{Screen print utility} Time is money, and I endorse any program
that can save me time. Luckily, that is exactly what Print! v1.6
does. Say that I want to share screenshots with my other tech
friends to compare error messages and talk about possible fixes:
every time I take a screen shot, I open up Word, paste the
snapshot, and THEN I can print it. Too many steps, too much of my
time! With Print!, I just hit my "Print Screen" key and out comes
my screenshot without involving any other programs. Don't want a
screenshot of your whole desktop? Not a problem, just press Alt +
Print Screen and you'll have a printout of the active window only.
Print! 1.6 goes so far as to put the date and time on your
printout too... perfect for saving those high scores on solitaire!
Other features include scaling, centering, and the ability to
invert images. (So, not only will you save time, you'll also save
on toner. Bonus!)  You may also want to note that Print! saves
your printer configuration without wreaking havoc on the settings
in your other programs. You'll definitely get your money's worth
with this program. Don't believe me? Start by checking out the
evaluation version for yourself!

domain.com Your Thoughts | Recommend It!
 GnomeFAVORITE

REMOTE ACCESS TO YOUR E-MAIL: LoudPC is a new product from Loudfire enabling direct access to your PC's Outlook(tm) from any domain.com browser or web phone. Use LoudPC to access your work email from home, check your next appointment while at lunch, reply to an important email while in a meeting, etc. No synchronization required. Works with your existing email accounts. Accesses all of your folders. All changes reflected immediately in your Outlook(tm). Get more info on LoudPC 

BookCrossing Bookclub

<<link>>

Gretchen is a self-professed pack rat: there are just some things
that she can't throw away. For example, books. I, on the other
hand, prefer my text in an electronic medium, and don't really
miss those analog versions. (What's that stuff called again?
Paper?) Many of my books are gathering dust on the bookshelf. The
alternative? Free them into the wild! BookCrossing is essentially
a worldwide book club. You register online and get a BookCrossing
ID number to put on your books with a note sending the new reader
back to BookCrossing (think of domain.com). Then you just
leave the book "in the wild" to be found by someone else; the
folks at BookCrossing suggest a park bench, the pocket of an
airplane seat, or just plain giving your book to a friend. "Sounds
easy, right? Well it is. It's also a fascinating exercise in fate,
karma, or whatever you want to call the chain of events that can
occur between two or more lives and one piece of literature. Oh,
and we should mention, it's absolutely free and absolutely
private, too." BookCrossing also offers book reviews, ratings, and
recommendations.

Recommend It!
 GnomeTIP

Any modem that relies on Windows to function is dubbed a
"Winmodem." Most manufacturers use "Winmodems" because they are
cheap and easy to set up on a standard model PC. I don't have any
problem with the manufacturer saving money (because living in a
capitalistic society, I would hope that the savings would trickle
down to ME in one way or another). I do, however, have a problem
with the way "Winmodems" function after you add more internal
devices to your PC. "Winmodems" rely on Windows to mediate their
serial communication (I/O address, COM port, IRQ, etc.) and as you
can imagine, the more devices Windows has to manage, the higher
the probability of running into a problem. And what if you want to
run Linux instead? Will the "Winmodem" function well, if at all,
in an operating system other than Windows? Don't bet on it! If you
want to make sure you don't have any problems after upgrading your
system, you'll want to get yourself a hardware modem. How can you
determine this? Checking a modem's system requirements. If the
modem says it REQUIRES Windows, then keep looking... you've found
yourself a "Winmodem." However, if the system requirements for the
modem say that it will work with Linux, then you've found yourself
a hardware modem. Yes, it IS that easy.

Recommend It!

<<link>>
Your subscribed e-mail address is: [user@domain.com] - To unsubscribe or change your delivery address, please domain.com the subscription management page. For further information, please refer to the GnomeCREDITS in the sidebar.

LOOK OVER HERE

 Download Our Tip Files

 Latest Windows Daily
 Latest Digital Media
 Latest Tech Specialist
 Latest Penguin Shell
 Latest Apple Core
 Latest Web Weekly
 Latest Bits & Bytes

 Find the Lowest Price

 Suggest a Feature
 Advertise With Us
 The GnomeSTORE
 High-Tech Job Search
 Chat With Gnomies
 Watch The Webcams
 Computer Power User

 Read Past Issues
 Download X-Setup
 About Lockergnome
 Our Privacy Policy
 View More Options
 Our XML / RSS Feed
 Syndicate Our Tips
 Link To Lockergnome
 Get Chris's Book

 Tell a Friend About Us!

 General Feedback
 E-mail the Editor
 The Editor's Blog




SEARCH

 GNOMESPECIALS
 Manage Your Workgroup
 Form Pilot
 Say the Time 5.0
 Boomer - Stream Now
 Create Web/CD catalog
 Easy Web Editor
 Kleptomania
 Tag&Rename
 Pretty Good Solitaire
 Visualize Color Combos
 FirstStop WebSearch
 Ecobuilder
 Book Collector
Get Listed Here
Question: which group is 250,000+ strong and always looking for stuff to make their personal and professional lives run smoother?

 HAPPY FUN STUFF
And now, we see how Sprocket thinks he has a right to eat pumpkin seeds. Or, would that be "pupkin" seeds?

Not for the Puppy




CLICK HERE TO ZOOM




BYTE ME NOW

©2002, Lockergnome LLC. ISSN: 1095-3965. All Rights Reserved. Please read our Terms of Service. Our Web site is hosted by DigitalDaze. Domain registered at DNS Central.

Toys are made in heaven, batteries are made in hell.