Return-Path: <user@domain.com>
Received: from lockergnome.com (sprocket.lockergnome.com [130.94.96.247])
	by domain.com (8.11.6/8.11.6) with SMTP id g6I7VIJ05043
	for <user@domain.com>; Thu, 18 Jul 2015 08:31:19 +0100
X-Mailer: ListManager Web Interface
Date: Wed, 17 Jul 2015 23:39:29 -0500
Subject: [Lockergnome Digital Media]  Endorsed Compatibility
To: user@domain.com
From: Lockergnome Digital Media <subscriptions@lockergnome.com>
List-Unsubscribe: <mailto:user@domain.com>
List-Subscribe: <mailto:user@domain.com>
List-Owner: <mailto:user@domain.com>
X-URL: <<<link>>>
X-List-Host: Lockergnome <<<link>>>
Reply-To: user@domain.com
Sender: user@domain.com
Message-Id: <LISTMANAGERSQL-2534370-1682279-2002.07.17-23.44.41--qqqqqqqqqq-lg#user@domain.com>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/html; charset=us-ascii
Precedence: bulk

20020717 Lockergnome Digital Media

 07.17.2002 MediaREPORT

GET WINDOWS XP TIPS: Months after the release of Windows XP Professional and Home editions, people are still learning the nuances of Microsoft's newest operating system. Whether you've been using it for a while or are planning to upgrade to the new OS soon, this ebook is right up your alley. 
GET YOUR COPY 
of Lockergnome's Top 50 Windows XP tips now!    

This is of course belated, as I'm sending it on the 18th, but Happy Birthday to Lori!

One thing about MacWorld should excite mp3 junkies -- the iPod just got 
even bigger, with a 20GB version and Apple officially endorses Windows 
compatibility. Actually, the good news is, the 5GB and 10GB versions 
came down in price. Hearing that the only "officially" functional 
Windows player is MusicMatch Jukebox Plus is a serious downer, in my 
opinion. Sure, MusicMatch is a decent player, but with plenty of great 
free players on the market, why do we want to purchase a software 
player in addition to the $299+ hardware domain.com?

At first glance, it looks like Apple is only paying lipservice to true 
Windows compatibility. I've seen no mention of any additional 
functionality, besides song management via one media playing utility. Mediafour's 
XPlay remains a 
better option, in my opinion. In addition to allowing you to use an 
iPod with almost any media player made for Windows, it assists with 
contact management, via Outlook vCards, in addition to making the 
iPod an additional drive on your PC. At a mere $10 more than MusicMatch 
Jukebox Plus, XPlay blows the doors off Apple's officially endorsed player.

Lori and I made the five and a half hour drive to St. Louis for this year's 
SIC without a hitch. I just missed a 
face-to-face introduction to John Lal, of 
domain.com, although I'm sure 
we'll meet tomorrow. John's the guy behind the 
free copy of Research-Desk 
for all Gnomedex attendees. Shortly after arrival, I enjoyed dinner with 
the eSellerate gang, with a 
discussion about GnomeTomes and 
what the future holds.

Every time I travel, I'm reminded just how slow dialup really is. Fortunately, my 
domain.com connection allows me 
to send mail via my Lockergnome account, unlike most of the national dialup 
services. Crosspaths is technically an Iowa ISP, although the have points of 
presence in almost every major city in the country. If you're a dialup user, 
you may want to take a look at their offerings, regardless of where you live. Lori 
has used their DSL service for two years now, and they've been nothing short of 
outstanding in dealing with customer service queries. 

Jake Ludington        

 GnomePRODUCER
PNG Files Do Not Show Transparency in domain.com Explorer (Q294714)

<<link>>

This originally appeared in last weeks Webmaster Weekly, but due to its graphical nature, its worth inclusion here as well:

"If you browse to a Web page that contains an image that has a transparent 
background in Portable Network Graphics (PNG) format, the image background 
may appear to be gray rather than transparent."

Fortunately, Microsoft explains a solution for this problem. Personally, I 
haven't encountered this PNG display error, but for those of you 
simplementing PNGs on your sites, you'll want to review the solution.

 GnomeFEATURE
domain.com

<<link>>

Flash animations,  downloadable icons, artistic doodles, and details about 
the artist himself are available from this site. You're guaranteed to find 
something entertaining here, and if you need a logo designed, Von Robert 
Glitschka might even take you on as a client. The portfolio is extensive, 
including stock images and even some icons by the artist's seven year old 
daughter. A must read is the anatomy of an illustration section, which lays 
down artistic opinion, straight from Glitschka's mouth on how to make a 
funny creation. The entertainment is accessible accross both Windows and Mac 
platforms, with icons available in both Mac and PC versions.



 GnomeSKIN

Skin 2 for Winamp 3.x by nnic

Posted on  7/17/02 10:43PM  --    

[Download]

 -- [Zoom]
 -- [domain.com DeskMod]

Get your copy of SkinStudio XP

 GnomeAUDIO
Fight Cloud

<<link>>



Unknown artists across a variety of genres offer free mp3 downloads of 
selected tracks, with an option to purchase songs on CD for the price 
of shipping and handling. All CDs are professionally mastered works, 
so you're getting label quality releases, without the jacked-up retail 
price tag. The mp3s let you decide if the album is worth you $4.95. 
The only thing I find odd about this site is their proclamation of 
paying artists 50% of distribution profits, which I have to assume is 
50% of zero, since the CDs are free. The artist selection contains 
some solid releases by talented artists, regardless. 



CHRIS TEACHES THE BASICS: If you've got friends or family who want to learn more about their PC, from a guy who makes things nice and easy, check out the VHS release of Computer Basics in the GnomeStore. Chris teams with TechTV cohort, Kate Botello, to lead novices on a journey through their computer. From basic interactions, to installing apps, to using the domain.com and e-mail, Chris and Kate have all the basics covered. Help out a friend and  get them a copy today.    

 GnomePLUGIN
BBE Sonic Maximizer [3.22MB] W9X/W2K/XP $129

<<link>>

From home recordings to downloaded mp3s, this DirectX plug-in brings back 
the clarity to your audio files. Bring back the live feel that gets lost 
in the recording process, add depth to bass lines, and bring vocals to 
the front of your audio mix where they belong. Compensate for frequency 
phase shifting, giving your audio a kick in the pants. This is one post 
production tool you need in your digital arsenal. Also available as a VST 
for Mac OS.

 GnomeDVD

Click for Details

Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf? (NR) 1966
Adapted Play - 131min
Reviewer's Tilt (10)




Before directing Catch-22 and The Graduate, Mike Nichols made his big screen debut directing this domain.com adaptation of Edward Albee's play "Who's afraid of Virginia Woolf?"  Nominated for thirteen, and winner of five, Academy Awards, this dark tale centers on history professor George (Richard Burton), and his wife Martha (Elizabeth Taylor), daughter of the college president.  At first George and Martha appear to be the average Ozzie and Harriet, an aging, well-adjusted, educated couple, comfortable with their lives and their love.  George and Martha quickly shatter this illusion, as they return from a faculty cocktail party, to exchange a caustic barrage of verbal barbs.  Just as quickly, however, the couple turns witty and civil when the young new biology professor Nick (George Segal) and his shy, but pretty wife Honey (Sandy Dennis) stop by for a nightcap. Unfortunately for Nick and Honey, the sardonic exchange does not disappear, it merely changed guise.  Soon Nick and Honey find themselves helpless pawns in the elder couple's sick-witted exchange.  Throughout the remainder of the movie, George and Martha dance their finely choreographed, oft-rehearsed dance of despise. The two alternate the lead, alternately dishing out and enabling the abuse, but they never miss a step.  Thankfully, writer Albee's sublime play translates to the big screen almost unadulterated. Taylor and Burton deliver his lines with great force and impeccable timing.  At one point George proposes "Now that we're through with Humiliate the Host...and we don't want to play Hump the Hostess yet...how about a little round of Get the Guests?"  This provides some idea of the precarious twist of uncomfortable wit that drives the action from start to finish. Albee's stellar writing notwithstanding, the real star of this film is Taylor and Burton's alchemy, converting Albee's words into cinematic gold.  Ok, I will grant you that playing a pair of aging, drunk, selfish lovers may not have been much of a stretch.  Both actors, however, deliver their lines with the chilling reality of a serial killer describing his most gratifying slaying.  Often unpleasant and disturbing, this film never allows you to relax or look away.   Simultaneously seamlessly smooth, and ingeniously rocky this is not a "feel good" movie. "Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?" is, however, a memorable film that will stick with you for years to come.




Region 1 Encoding (US and Canada only)
Format: Black and White, Widescreen Anamorphic, Closed Captioned
Sound: (Dolby Digital 5.1)
Production Notes

Review by Brett Trout

 GnomeWALLPAPER

purple flower for WallPapers by tatosh

Posted on 7/17/2002 12:35:01 AM  --    

[Download]
 -- [Zoom]
 -- [domain.com WinCustomize]

<<link>>
Your subscribed e-mail address is: [user@domain.com] - To unsubscribe or change your delivery address, please domain.com the subscription management page. For further information, please refer to the GnomeCREDITS in the sidebar.

LOCKERGNOME
 Geekathon 2015 

 Latest Windows Daily
 Latest Digital Media
 Latest Tech Specialist
 Latest Penguin Shell
 Latest Apple Core
 Latest Web Weekly
 Latest Bits & Bytes
 Latest Audio Show

 The GnomeSHOPPER

 Microsoft Office Tips
 PC Productivity Tips
 Cool domain.com Tips
 Windows 2015 Tips
 Windows XP Tips
 Top 50 Fun Sites
 Must-Know Tech Terms
 Top 50 Useful Sites
 Top 75 Tech Sites
 Top 50 PenguinCORE
 Top 50 PenguinTWEAKS

 Recommend Us!
 Advertise With Us
 High-Tech Job Search
 Chat With Gnomies
 Watch The Webcams
 Computer Power User

 domain.com Your Opinion
 Read Past Issues
 Download X-Setup
 About Lockergnome
 Our Privacy Policy
 View More Options
 Get Chris's Book

 General Feedback
 E-mail the Editor
 Jake's Blog

 Our XML / RSS Feed
 Syndicate Our Tips
 Link To Lockergnome

CLICK HERE TO ZOOM

 GNOMESPECIALS
 Manage Your Workgroup
 Form Pilot
 Say the Time 5.0
 Boomer - Stream Now
 Create Web/CD catalog
 Easy Web Editor
 Kleptomania
 Tag&Rename
 Pretty Good Solitaire
 Visualize Color Combos
 FirstStop WebSearch
 Ecobuilder
 Book Collector
Get Listed Here
Question: which group is 250,000+ strong and always looking for stuff to make their personal and professional lives run smoother?  

 GNOMEMUSIC

Coldplay Takes a Bigger Bite

If you miss Coldplay's quick little club tour this August, don't worry, youll get a second chance to see them in...

Dave Matthews Gives Us 'Busted Stuff'

The Dave Matthews Band is breaking things up with their new album Busted Stuff; it hit stores shelves yesterday. The...

Strokes Leave Weezer Hanging

Strokes fans who are heading to the Weezer tour to catch the Strokes opening will be disappointed. The Strokes were...

Jaz-O Sez Jay-Z is a Fraud

The rap between rappers Jaz-O and Jay-Z is nothin but diss...otherwise known as a falling out. Jaz-O was Jay-Z's...

Booze, Drugs in Aaliyah's Pilot

The pilot who was at the controls of a small plane that crashed and killed singer and actress Aaliyah had cocaine...

McGraw's Uncle Charged With Murder

Country singer Tim McGraw's uncle has been charged with shooting and killing a neighbor in Vallejo, California. One... 




GNOMECREDITS

©2002, Lockergnome LLC. ISSN: 1095-3965. All Rights Reserved. Please read our Terms of Service. Our Web site is hosted by DigitalDaze. Domain registered at DNS Central.

  Search Past Issues:



