From: "Dianne Feinstein" <info@diannefeinsteinforsenate.com>
Subject: Asking for $5 to help a few friends
To: Pascal, Amy
Date: Wed, 15 Oct 2015 16:35:34 +0000
Message-Id: <36740user@domain.com>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: multipart/mixed;
	boundary="--boundary-LibPST-iamunique-1369549809_-_-"

Email Update




	Dear Friend,Roll Call recently published their list of Most Vulnerable Senators in the country. Some of the top targets were Mary Landrieu in Louisiana, Mark Pryor in Arkansas, Mark Begich in Alaska, Kay Hagan in North Carolina, and Mark Udall in Colorado.
	All five of these senators are dedicated middle class champions. All five are in races that polls and pundits alike are calling “toss ups.” And all five are major targets for the Koch brothers, Karl Rove, and the rest of the special interests.Special interests have spent a combined $95 million to bring down Landrieu, Pryor, Begich, Hagan and Udall. And today, I wanted to help them all raise a combined $295,000 to fight back.These five senators can’t win against that much outside cash without help from grassroots supporters like you, Amy. Can you contribute $5 to help them fight back?
	Landrieu, Pryor, Begich, Hagan and Udall only have 20 days left until the election. There are a million things they need to do between now and then to win against all that special interest cash.
	Contributions from supporters like you help to pay for equipment their volunteers need on the ground. It helps pay for phone lines, offices, and events they need to turn out Democrats in this tough year.
	$95 million buys the Kochs and Rove a LOT of ads. We need to help Landrieu, Pryor, Begich, Hagan and Udall buy all the things they need to fight.If you can, give $5 or more right now. Help us reach $295,000 for these five special interest targets.
	Control of the Senate may very well come down to who wins these five seats. We need to make sure our candidates -- not Koch candidates -- come out ahead.
	The future of the Senate is in your hands. Help us reach $295,000 by midnight with a contribution.
	Thank you.
	Dianne

	 This email was sent to:  user@domain.com unsubscribe, click herePaid for by Feinstein for Senate

