Return-Path: <user@domain.com>
Received: from lockergnome.com (sprocket.lockergnome.com [130.94.96.247])
	by domain.com (8.11.6/8.11.6) with SMTP id g6HJ5NJ14794
	for <user@domain.com>; Wed, 17 Jul 2015 20:05:23 +0100
X-Mailer: ListManager Web Interface
Date: Wed, 17 Jul 2015 11:04:10 -0500
Subject: [Lockergnome Tech Specialist]  Bridge Concept
To: user@domain.com
From: Lockergnome Tech Specialist <subscriptions@lockergnome.com>
List-Unsubscribe: <mailto:user@domain.com>
List-Subscribe: <mailto:user@domain.com>
List-Owner: <mailto:user@domain.com>
X-URL: <<<link>>>
X-List-Host: Lockergnome <<<link>>>
Reply-To: user@domain.com
Sender: user@domain.com
Message-Id: <LISTMANAGERSQL-2534369-1681553-2002.07.17-11.12.00--qqqqqqqqqq-lg#user@domain.com>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/html; charset=us-ascii
Precedence: bulk

20020717 Lockergnome Tech Specialist

  07.17.2002 GnomeREPORT 

Why rely on BIND when you can get UltraDNS: UltraDNS increases Web site
performance, reliability, and security all for as low as $1.00 a month.
Click here to find out more.

Brooklyn Bridge for sale! No kidding! The town of Brooklyn, 
Iowa has a bridge that they are selling on Ebay, so if you have a need for such 
a structure, or just want to have the right to say you 
legitimately purchased the Brooklyn Bridge, here's your 
opportunity! Seriously, this is not a prank!

Ever since I was down toward Des Moines last week and had 
a cup-o-java with Jake at Starbucks, I've been craving 
coffee. I can't see myself turning into a coffee junkie like 
Chris, but it's just weird that this would happen, being 
that my extent of coffee drinking has usually been limited 
to the severe need for a quick morning wake-up or in an 
effort to keep warm on cold mornings when out in the field 
back in my Marine Corps days. 

As time has gone on, I've been trying to cut back on the 
typical geek vices of sugar and caffeine, but I can't drink 
coffee straight. It has to be sweet, and what's the point of 
drinking coffee if there's no caffeine? Enter Splenda. An 
artificial sweetener that has finally made it to Waterloo, 
Iowa. Most of what Diana and I use sugar for has been 
modified to use Splenda instead, with good results. 
Hopefully this coffee thing is just a temporary kick like it 
usually is. I have to brush my teeth after a cup or two from 
the nasty breath. It's fun to test out the dragon-breath on 
the cat to see just how bad it really is. If Bootes sniffs a 
couple of times, it's not too bad, but if she instantly 
recoils, time to employ the Sonicare for a couple of 
minutes. See what you've started, Jake?

See You in August,              Randy Nieland       

 GnomeNETWORK

Exchange Titanium Details Emerge

<<link>>

Oracle recently announced their intention to compete 
directly with Microsoft Exchange, even accepting Outlook as 
an email client. In what seems like a direct response, we're 
handed details of the 2015 release of Exchange Titanium. 
I've always liked what Exchange can do, so I'm certainly 
looking forward to seeing what the new features will be all 
about, but I'm also interested in what Oracle will be 
bringing to the table. Better email functionality, control 
and security are the name of the game, whoever ends up being 
the vendor of choice. Included in this Q&A; is a screenshot 
of what Outlook may look like once Office 11 is released. 
It's an interesting concept shot, showing some new ways they 
plan to handle email views. It doesn't say anything for 
Exchange functionality, but it's worth noting regardless.

 GnomeSYSTEM

Better Pocket PC Audio
Unearthed by David Spencer

<<link>>~mdukette/downloads.html

An open source project is bringing a different spin to 
audio and video on Pocket PCs, and my first impression is... 
cool! I like what they're working on here. I decided to wipe 
out my Jornada yesterday, so I haven't done a direct 
comparison between the iPaq 3870 and Jornada 565 for audio 
quality using this player, which has an equalizer built-in, 
but it definitely has potential judging from how it sounds 
on the iPaq right out of the gate. Definitely give this a 
peek if you're one of those that likes to play audio and 
video on a Pocket PC. Quite a few different versions are 
supported, so you should be able to find something 
appropriate to your device.

 GnomeALERTZ

Today's Top 5 kbAlertz

Q320278 - WD: "The Custom Dictionary  Is Not Available " Error When You Use Portuguese (Brazilian) Proofing Tools (Q320278)

Q313147 - GetNtmsObjectAttribute Does Not Return Correct Size When the Buffer Is Too Small (Q313147)

Q313317 - A GPO "Register PTR Records" Setting of "Disabled" Is Ignored (Q313317)

Q310869 - STOP Error When You Start Windows After You Connect a Scanner (Q310869)

Q310772 - PCMCIA Device May Not Work in Windows XP (Q310772)




Recommend It!
 GnomeASSISTANT

50 OS X TIPS: Whether you're making the "switch" from Windows, upgrading 
from a previous version of Mac OS, or just want some helpful tricks to make 
using OS X easier, this ebook is for you. Jake cover's everything from user 
management, to some Terminal basics, to how to navigate differences between 
OS 9 and OS X. 
Get your copy today!    

Where's Java?

<<link>>

Three readers asked me about this very thing this week, 
and it's something you should probably know about if you use 
Windows XP. Microsoft didn't bundle the Java Virtual Machine 
with Windows XP, and since the release of XP, the JVM has been avaialble via the 
Windows Update site as a "convenience" to users. Part of Sun's legal
complaints surrounding how Microsoft has handled Java was that Microsoft did not have the right to 
distribute their implementation via the web, though 
they did have licensing rights to include it with Windows. 
So essentially, Microsoft has things backwards, as it seems. 
Well, to avoid further web distribution arguments, Microsoft 
has yanked the JVM from the Windows Update site and all 
other areas of Microsoft's web site. Microsoft is still 
planning to include Java with Windows XP Service Pack 1. 
You'll have to plan for Java support accordingly, as SP1 is 
still a ways off and you can't get it from Microsoft at this 
point. If you need it for a new installation of Windows XP 
in the short term, Sun will gladly provide you with their 
own distibution. 

 GnomeSTUFF

Another Xeon Deal
Served up by Warren Dugas

<<link>>

I mentioned a really nice deal on Compaq Evo W6000 dual-
Xeon workstations a few weeks back, which I know several of 
you took advantage of, but the $1999 price tag likely scared 
off many others. If you still want to get into a Xeon, check 
this one out. TigerDirect is offering an Evo W8000 
workstation with a single 1.7GHz processor, 18.2GB 15,000rpm U160 
drive, 48x CD-ROM and licenses for both Windows 2015 Pro and 
NT 4.0 Workstation for $699.99. Note that there is NO memory 
and no video card included, so you'll have to scrounge those for 
yourself, but it really is a pretty good deal, on the whole. 
Also realize that these systems take RAMBUS memory, which 
will add a bit of cost, so be sure you know what you're 
getting - a wicked-fast workstation, to be sure! Expandability is also quite amazing with these machines. 

Recommend It!

<<link>>
Your subscribed e-mail address is: [user@domain.com] - To unsubscribe or change your delivery address, please domain.com the subscription management page. For further information, please refer to the GnomeCREDITS in the sidebar.

LOOK OVER HERE

 Download Tip eBooks

 Latest Windows Daily
 Latest Digital Media
 Latest Tech Specialist
 Latest Penguin Shell
 Latest Apple Core
 Latest Web Weekly
 Latest Bits & Bytes
 Latest Audio Show

 Low Price Search
 Our Tech Conference

 Microsoft Office Tips
 PC Productivity Tips
 Cool domain.com Tips
 Windows 2015 Tips
 Windows XP Tips

 Tell a Friend About Us!
 Suggest a Feature
 Advertise With Us
 High-Tech Job Search
 Chat With Gnomies
 Watch The Webcams
 Computer Power User

 Read Past Issues
 Download X-Setup
 About Lockergnome
 Our Privacy Policy
 View More Options
 Our XML / RSS Feed
 Syndicate Our Tips
 Link To Lockergnome
 Get Chris's Book

 E-mail a Suggestion
 Your Rant / Rave
 General Feedback
 The Editor's Blog
 E-mail the Editor

 SOUND SYSTEMS
Yamaha RX-V1200
Sony DAVC900
Harman Kardon	AVR520
Denon	AVR5803
Pioneer VSXD811S
Pioneer Elite	VSX49TX
Sony HTDDW840
Yamaha HTR5560
BOSE LS122BK
Sony DAVC450

 GNOMESPECIALS
 Manage Your Workgroup
 Form Pilot
 Say the Time 5.0
 Boomer - Stream Now
 Create Web/CD catalog
 Easy Web Editor
 Kleptomania
 Tag&Rename
 Pretty Good Solitaire
 Visualize Color Combos
 FirstStop WebSearch
 Ecobuilder
 Book Collector
Get Listed Here
Question: which group is 250,000+ strong and always looking for stuff to make their personal and professional lives run smoother? 




CLICK HERE TO ZOOM




LOOK IT UP




BYTE ME NOW

©2002, Lockergnome LLC. ISSN: 1095-3965. All Rights Reserved. Please read our Terms of Service. Our Web site is hosted by DigitalDaze. Domain registered at DNS Central.

