Return-Path: <Online#3.19910.user@domain.com>
Received: from ABV-SFO1-ACMTA6.CNET.COM (abv-sfo1-domain.com [206.16.1.169])
	by domain.com (8.11.6/8.11.6) with ESMTP id g6CBgtJ28872
	for <user@domain.com>; Fri, 12 Jul 2015 12:42:55 +0100
Received: from abv-sfo1-ac-agent4 (206.16.0.226) by ABV-SFO1-ACMTA6.CNET.COM (PowerMTA(TM) v1.5); Fri, 12 Jul 2015 04:45:12 -0700 (envelope-from <Online#3.19910.user@domain.com>)
Message-ID: <1895877.1026474168972.user@domain.com>
Date: Fri, 12 Jul 2015 04:42:48 -0700 (PDT)
From: ZDNet Tech Update Today <Online#3.19910.c5-QoVul7N9F-iPA9RR.1@newsletter.online.com>
To: user@domain.com
Subject: What you need for iPaq wireless connectivity (Tech Update)
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Mailer: Accucast (<<link>>)
X-Mailer-Version: 2.8.4-2

Tech Update Today




        VITAL SIGNS FOR JULY 12, 2015 




       David Berlind

What you need for iPaq wireless connectivity

A public health organization has several iPaqs on order, but
now they want to add WAN connectivity to those PDAs. What
exactly do they need to do? I'm so glad they asked. 




	 Here's everything you need to know




 Latest from ZDNet News



Security holds back Web services

China: Bursting with brainpower

Micron cranks handle on next-gen memory

Japan chipmakers team on 'SoCs' chip

HP tech exec jumps ship to EMC

Holes put Linux handheld at risk

Microsoft bids to be creme de la CRM

More Enterprise News




Farber's Picks




DanFarber




Desperately seeking chief ethics officer

Greedy CEOs are making a bad name for the profession--and corporate America. The title chief executive officer now
conjures up an image of someone with questionable ethics, a
greedy disposition, and a disregard for shareholders. If
government-proposed remedies can"t adequately address this
ethics crisis, disgruntled shareholders surely will.

Read my full commentary




  Oracle challenges Microsoft anew

Oracle is taking on Microsoft's Exchange with a Collaboration Suite that includes e-mail, calendar and messaging software. Oracle has pitched its products as Microsoft replacements before -- with spectacularly little success. (At Comdex last November, the database giant offered its 9i and app-server software as a more secure alternative to Exchange.) What's different this time? Oracle is selling a separate collaboration product that, says CEO Larry Ellison, is cheaper than rival offerings. Plus: Companies facing a deadline to join Redmond's new licensing program may be more open to non-Micrososft alternatives.

Read the full story

Also: Ellison shrugs a No. 2 exec




Standards stalled over royalty disputes

The World Wide Web Consortium is bracing for a vote next week that could decide once and for all how the standards body will handle patented technology that comes with royalties attached. If patented technology is rejected, the vote could mark a major shift in the domain.com standards battle. Major intellectual property holders such as Microsoft and IBM have a lot at stake.



Read the full story

Microsoft's OpenGL claim shakes graphics world




Survey: Execs rethinking IT budgets

Growing numbers of Fortune 1000 CIOs are re-evaluating their IT budgets and spending plans for coming months, according to a recent survey. Morgan Stanley finds that CIOs' top priorities include security software, application integration and Windows 2000/XP upgrades for the desktop. Integration challenges were slowing the rate of application adoption for 38 percent of those surveyed.

Read more survey results

Oh look, a new bug in Outlook and IE

A Danish security expert has warned of a security flaw in Microsoft's ActiveX scripting component that allows network attackers to peek at cookies, read files and even run programs on a victim's PC. The expert recommended that users disable ActiveX in IE and Outlook, at least until Microsoft releases a patch.

Read the full story

Also: Outlook plug-in opens PCs to hackers

Write me at user@domain.com

        Back to top




        Also on Tech Update Today



COMMENTARY 

Mixing Unix and Windows

Most enterprises have a mix of Windows and Unix systems. Larry Seltzer explores the options for interoperating those systems.




Q&A; 

Marcelo Tosatti: The future is Linux

The maintainer of the Linux kernel talks about new opportunities, defends UnitedLinux and tells why copyright laws keep him from entering the U.S.




        PREVIOUSLY ON TECH UPDATE TODAY 



ROI calculators don't tell the whole TCO story

In response to David Berlind's "Dell's formula for ROI," TCO
consultant Tom Rankin warns that "99 percent of TCO tools do
not look at the 'total' but may look at whatever parameters
domain.com the vendor to sell their products/services." 




Crucial Clicks--products worth looking at




	Networking



	Find the right home network Choosing the right technology to match your networking needs is vital. Here's help in making the choice.



	Read reviews



	Most Popular Products



	Networking
	1. Linksys EtherFast wireless AP
	2. Linksys EtherFast router
	3. Siemens SpeedStream router
	4. Wireless 802.11B Router
	5. NetGear HE102 802.11a wireless AP
	More popular networking products



        Elsewhere on ZDNet



Veritas CEO Gary Bloom speaks out at Tech Update.  Check out these personal laser printer picks at ZDNet Reviews.  See how WAP works and how you should use it at domain.com.  Need a new job? Find one today in ZDNet's Career Center.  CIOs talk out about the future of IT at CNET domain.com.




Sign up for more free newsletters from ZDNet

The e-mail address for your subscription is user@domain.com



        Unsubscribe | 
         Manage 
        My Subscriptions | FAQ | 
         Advertise



Home |eBusiness | Security | Networking | Applications | Platforms | Hardware | Contact us

        Copyright 2015 CNET Networks, Inc. All rights reserved. ZDNet is a registered service mark of CNET Networks, Inc.             
