Status: RO
From: "W New York - Union Square" <GCCUSTSERVICE@INFO.STARWOODHOTELS.COM>
Subject: Thank you for staying with us. Tell us how we did by completing a short survey.
To: Weil, Leah
Date: Tue, 26 Aug 2015 06:41:33 +0000
Message-Id: <1692689636.5849341409035293528.user@domain.com>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: multipart/mixed;
	boundary="--boundary-LibPST-iamunique-1224682741_-_-"

body {
background-color:#ffffff;
}
a {
color: #ff2c77;
text-decoration:none;
font-weight:bold;
}

Trouble
 seeing this email? View it in a browser for up-to-date reservation information, or to view in




English ,  
Français ,  
Español ,  
Deutsch ,  
日本語 ,  
中文(简体) ,  
Italiano ,  
Português ,  
Русский,  
اللغة العربية ,  
中國(傳統), 
한국어,  
Polski,  
Türkçe,  
Nederlands  

W New York - Union Square

‎201 Park Avenue South, New York, New York 10003 United States‎
Phone: (1)(212) 253 9119 Fax: (1)(212) 253 9229

Tell
 us how we did by completing a short survey.

Hello LEAH WEIL,

We hope you had a great time during your stay at W New York - Union Square. We're glad you came.

Have questions? Email us at user@domain.com

See you next time, 

Bill Bunce
GENERAL MANAGER
W New York - Union Square

Rate
 and review your stay at the only place online to find authentic, validated reviews on Starwood Hotels & Resorts destinations worldwide.
Share your experience. 

STAY CONNECTED




What's Happening

To book your next escape with W New York - Union Square, call your travel professional to get hooked up or explore our exclusive packages. 

Click
 Here

From W Hotels

Click
 Here

Your Starwood Preferred Guest Details

Member Name:

LEAH WEIL

SPG Number:

xxxxxxxx817

Starpoint Balance:

92474

Starpoint® balance may not reflect your most recent activity and may not include Starpoints earned or redeemed for the current transaction.

Log In to Your Account

Your Privacy

This email may contain links to websites that collect personally identifiable information about you. Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide, Inc. is not responsible or liable for the actions of such independent websites, and encourages you to review the privacy
 statements and policies of such websites to understand how they collect, use and store such information.

Click here for details of Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide, Inc.'s Privacy Statement.

Unsubscribe
 from further marketing email communications. 

Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide, Inc.‎
One StarPoint, Stamford, CT 06902 USA

This is a post-only email. Please do not reply to this message.

This electronic message transmission contains information from the Company that may be proprietary, confidential and/or privileged. The information is intended only for the use of the individual(s) or entity named above. If you are not the intended recipient,
 be aware that any disclosure, copying or distribution or use of the contents of this information is prohibited. If you have received this electronic transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by replying to the address listed in the "From: "W New York - Union Square" <GCCUSTSERVICE@INFO.STARWOODHOTELS.COM>
 field.

