Delivered-To: user@domain.com
Received: by 10.100.139.5 with SMTP id m5cs241710and;
        Fri, 8 Aug 2015 18:46:44 -0700 (PDT)
Received: by 10.150.54.6 with SMTP id c6mr8300342yba.107.1218246404627;
        Fri, 08 Aug 2015 18:46:44 -0700 (PDT)
Return-Path: <user@domain.com>
Received: from yw-out-2526.domain.com (yw-out-2526.domain.com [74.125.46.33])
        by domain.com with ESMTP id 9si682009yws.5.2008.08.08.18.46.41;
        Fri, 08 Aug 2015 18:46:44 -0700 (PDT)
Received-SPF: pass (domain.com: domain of user@domain.com designates 74.125.46.33 as permitted sender) client-ip=74.125.46.33;
Authentication-Results: domain.com; spf=pass (domain.com: domain of user@domain.com designates 74.125.46.33 as permitted sender) user@domain.com; dkim=pass (test mode) user@domain.com
Received: by yw-out-2526.domain.com with SMTP id 4so2248697ywl.56
        for <user@domain.com>; Fri, 08 Aug 2015 18:46:41 -0700 (PDT)
DKIM-Signature: v=1; a=rsa-sha256; c=relaxed/relaxed;
        d=domain.com; s=beta;
        h=domainkey-signature:received:received:x-sender:x-apparently-to
         :received:received:received-spf:authentication-results:received
         :received:received:message-id:date:From: "Ryan Duncan" <ryan@progressiveaccountability.org>
         :mime-version:content-type:references:sender:precedence
         :x-google-loop:mailing-list:list-id:list-post:list-help
         :list-unsubscribe:x-beenthere;
        bh=+MuQdpMHTUkBufOJ4TsDNHTOtr3LzLr9gpsyz6LMe3o=;
        b=a0Zy6cP5Imo8bnu8Mz7QzRbjfz/oV00KgcVOj6mugiw+sZg289HdzG2MYX8DWRgSAE
         RaYkNSWPtkxAAQRyUyMh7h+RgC3z9CAKNGMpNRHHqmcBCbLEHllPc4dUqrIsvrOwUx3k
         h8qTiuHnJQZq+KonVX94wLc4VyZKF/HzlQ+0o
DomainKey-Signature: a=rsa-sha1; c=nofws;
        d=domain.com; s=beta;
        h=x-sender:x-apparently-to:received-spf:authentication-results
         :message-id:date:From: "Ryan Duncan" <ryan@progressiveaccountability.org>
         :content-type:references:sender:precedence:x-google-loop
         :mailing-list:list-id:list-post:list-help:list-unsubscribe
         :x-beenthere;
        b=EkUbUspKSRTV2FsIIbsQ/UJLk7M2lbAZm6mCo2lxPspo+n6IblMJ1VzMRG4S1zEhSf
         DAHVzhaA3GOSFNRHiP7XyMKJQQxvJBHafaPfoA5WhQSMDgE3FOLJLrUPCwqGPm0FCX7x
         WqE4cDC5x3d0zM7tPaeCfMBi+XJdMXnh047DQ
Received: by 10.100.228.13 with SMTP id a13mr194594anh.4.1218246395722;
        Fri, 08 Aug 2015 18:46:35 -0700 (PDT)
Received: by 10.44.190.49 with SMTP id n49gr1512hsf.0;
	Fri, 08 Aug 2015 18:46:20 -0700 (PDT)
X-Sender: user@domain.com
X-Apparently-To: user@domain.com
Received: by 10.214.12.3 with SMTP id 3mr4671637qal.28.1218246379806; Fri, 08 Aug 2015 18:46:19 -0700 (PDT)
Return-Path: <user@domain.com>
Received: from wf-out-1314.domain.com (wf-out-1314.domain.com [209.85.200.174]) by domain.com with ESMTP id 39si4248028yxd.2.2008.08.08.18.46.19; Fri, 08 Aug 2015 18:46:19 -0700 (PDT)
Received-SPF: neutral (domain.com: 209.85.200.174 is neither permitted nor denied by best guess record for domain of user@domain.com) client-ip=209.85.200.174;
Authentication-Results: domain.com; spf=neutral (domain.com: 209.85.200.174 is neither permitted nor denied by best guess record for domain of user@domain.com) user@domain.com
Received: by wf-out-1314.domain.com with SMTP id 27so1413782wfd.5 for <user@domain.com>; Fri, 08 Aug 2015 18:46:18 -0700 (PDT)
Received: by 10.142.217.17 with SMTP id p17mr1188365wfg.23.1218246378622; Fri, 08 Aug 2015 18:46:18 -0700 (PDT)
Received: by 10.142.79.21 with HTTP; Fri, 8 Aug 2015 18:46:18 -0700 (PDT)
Message-ID: <9user@domain.com>
Date: Fri, 8 Aug 2015 21:46:18 -0400
From: "Ryan Duncan" <ryan@progressiveaccountability.org>
To: "User" <user@domain.com>
Subject: [big campaign] Media Monitoring Report - Evening 08/08/08
In-Reply-To: <9user@domain.com>
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="----=_Part_61494_24322423.1218246378576"
References: <9user@domain.com>
Sender: user@domain.com
Precedence: bulk
X-Google-Loop: groups
Mailing-List: list user@domain.com;
	contact bigcampaign+user@domain.com
List-Id: <domain.com>
List-Post: <mailto:user@domain.com>
List-Help: <mailto:bigcampaign+user@domain.com>
List-Unsubscribe: <<<link>>>,
	<mailto:bigcampaign+user@domain.com>
X-BeenThere: user@domain.com

*Main Topics: *China Olympics, Edwards Affair, Russia Invades Georgia,
Surrogate Interviews
*
Summary of Shift: *
The Summer Olympics in Beijing, China got under way this evening, dominatin
g
discussion across all networks. President Bush's arrival in China, his tepi
d
response to the country's human rights abuses, and China's pollution issues
were mentioned along with this. Russia invaded Georgia over the disputed
area of South Ossetia. Fighting quickly escalated, with hundreds reported
dead, and full out war quickly escalating. The price of a barrel of oil
dropped $5.00 today, giving Wall Street some welcomed relief which saw
stocks soaring to their biggest gains in more than three months.
    Political coverage was dominated by the breaking scandal of John
Edward's confession to an extra-marital affair. An interview will air this
evening on ABC Nightline News. Bill Clinton has been asked to speak at the
OrganizationConvention's third night and Hillary has picked up her campaigning for
Obama while Obama goes on vacation to Hawaii this week. domain.com's Mayor was
released from prison today, followed by his indictment for assaulting a
police officer.

*Highlights:*
1.    MSNBC: Nicole Wallace Talks McCain's Energy Policy, Attack Ads, and
Maverick Status
2.    FNC: Morris Dismisses Romney as Poor V.P. Choice For Flip-Flops on
Abortion
3.    MSNBC: McCain Is Takes Bronze in Olbermann's Worse Person For Hamdan
Lies
4.    MSNBC: Donatelli Discusses McCain's Energy Plan and Vice Presidential
Selection

*Highlights, No Clips:*
1.    CNN =96 JOHN MCCAIN: "The government of Georgia has called for a
cease-fire and for a resumption of direct talks on South Ossetia with
international mediators. The U.S. should immediately convene an emergency
session of the United Nations Security Council to call on Russia to reverse
course."
2.    CNN =96 John McCain, when asked on for his opinion on the Edwards aff
air
scandal, gives a simple no comment.

*Clips:*

*Highlight #1*
*Nicole Wallace Talks McCain's Energy Policy, Attack Ads, and Maverick
Status* (MSNBC 08/08/08 6:58pm)
DAVID GREGORY: Let's talk about this campaign, and talk about McCain
campaign strategy. You have tried- the campaign has recently to tarnish
Obama's credibility and his image in a couple ways. On the one hand, it is
to describe him as a celebrity, to use Britney spears, Paris Hilton to
suggest he's sort of famous for being famous, that he's a lightweight.
That's on the one hand. On the other hand, it is to reduce his energy plan
to the idea of the tire gauge, to suggest that his whole energy plan is
really about whether there's enough air in the tires. So the question is,
are these ambush political tactics? And is that consistent with the origina
l
maverick that you claim john McCain is?

WALLACE: You know, two quick things here, David. One, I never hear anyone
put it to the Obama campaign, the internal deliberations that they may have
gone to when they made the strategic decision to essentially filet an
American hero, a former p.o.w. On the stump every day, which is what comes
out of their candidates mouth. And two, Barack Obama, tarnished himself. We
didn't paint him as anything that he isn't. He certainly, you know, he went
overseas, we were pleased that he was finally going to domain.com the war zone.
But their campaign made a decision, and they obviously did it to gain
advantage. Because you don't do things in campaigns for other reasons. To
hold a 200,000 person rally in Europe in the midst of a presidential
campaign. So it was obviously a decision to celebrate his celebrity with a
crowd of screaming Europeans. And you know, by pointing it out it's not our
effort to tarnish him, it's shining a light on something his campaign spent
a lot of time and money trying to shine the light on themselves.

GREGORY: And when you talk about trying to tarnish McCain's image or filet
his image, his reputation, certainly, there's been a very aggressive attemp
t
to tie him to president bush and say he's a third bush term. What else do
you have in mind in terms of what they've done?

WALLACE: let's not gloss over that. I covered this White House, I worked at
this White House. John McCain used to make major news every time he ended u
p
at odds with the bush white house. Whether it was attacking the secretary o
f
defense for the conduct of the war, whether it was a very high profile
disagreement that he had with the bush white house over torture and other
aspects of the war on terror. So it is a blatant lie when Barack Obama
stands in front of his supporters and calls john McCain an extension of the
bush administration. It's simply not true. So, it's not something to gloss
over. On the other hand, Barack Obama is someone who's -- the two pillars o
f
his candidacy are a politician who's going to do things differently, change
we can believe in and the other is judgment that he pointed to in his race
against Hillary Clinton when he said "I gave a speech in 2002, in which I
had better judgment than you did on Iraq."   So I think that Barack Obama's
wounds are self-inflicted and I think it's the job of any campaign to
highlight a candidate's weaknesses, so that's all that we've done. And
really our focus is on communicating John McCain's vision for the future,
for making this country energy independent., getting people working again.

GREGORY: but, clearly, the McCain campaign has made a calculated decision t
o
turn up the heat on Obama, to go on the attack, to try to have a different
narrative frame for this campaign. In fact, senator McCain told David Brode
r
that he laments the tone of this campaign and what's happened over the past
several weeks. This is what he said in back in April about the kind of
campaign that he was looking forward to. We'll let you listen and have a
response. >>
WALLACE: okay.

MCCAIN: this will be a respectful campaign. American's want a respectful
campaign. They're tired of the attacks, they're tired of the impugning
people's character and integrity. They want a respectful campaign and I'm o
f
the firm belief they'll get it, and they can get it, if the American people
demand it and reject a lot of this negative stuff that goes on.

GREGORY: has senator McCain lived up to that?

WALLACE: I believe he has. And you know, look, it is a respectful campaign.
But that that doesn't mean you shy away from highlighting the differences.
As your own Tim Russert used to say, it's a big election about big stuff.
And I think when you're talking about big differences, these are very
different men with very different biographies. The Obama campaign is never
shy about pointing out an age difference and philosophical difference, and
time in Washington. And you know, that's the work of campaigns to make sure
that people understand the choice that they have. And on the big issues,
there are very stark differences., and the policies people care about-
people are looking for leadership. I believe this is a leadership election.
They want someone that's going to end this war with victory.   They want to
achieve the objectives.  I think everyone agrees now, as a country, it's
time to end the war in Iraq, it's how do we do it. I think everyone agrees
now, as a country, it's time to stop shipping $700 billion overseas to
countries that aren't friendly very to us. The question is how do we make
ourselves energy independent. So there are big differences there. And we ar
e
certainly committed to running the honorable campaign that john McCain
promised.

GREGORY: let's talk about McCain, the maverick. Which is a theme that's bee
n
highlighted by the McCain campaign this week. There's a new ad that has bee
n
put on the domain.com in support of that idea. Let's run it and talk about it
on the other side of it.

[=85]

MATTHEWS: It is a very cleverly constructed ad, I have to domain.com.  But is
this a conversation that you really want to have. John Kerry, for instance,
in a response that you knew the democratic committee would have, said this
about McCain today "John McCain has changed in profound and fundamental way
s
that I find personally really surprising, and frankly upsetting.  He is not
the john McCain, as a senator who defined himself, quote, as a maverick,
though questionable. This is a different john McCain." And that's an
argument you get from democrats and critics of john McCain. That this is no
t
the john McCain of 2000, who took on George W. Bush. It's a different
figure.

WALLACE: Well look, I put all my faith in the wisdom of the voters. And I
think if you came out with us on the trail, which I hope you will do, you'd
see that john McCain the maverick, john McCain the straight talker and john
McCain the guy that gets a standing ovation when he talks about you need to
drill and drill now. Who would have thought two years ago that would be the
largest applause line, when you travel through Wisconsin and through
Michigan and through Ohio and through Florida? You know, if you come out an
d
see it, and if we get out of some of the back and forth that happens, as I
understand it must in the Northeast Corridor, you'll see that john McCain i
s
still offering straight talk. He spends his days on the campaign trail face
to face with voters. He does not stand in the arena. We do not have crowds
of 200,000 people. And he interacts.  These are spontaneous interactions.  
I
think even his early supporters consider him vintage john McCain. And he's
talking about his vision for the future.  So that's the campaign we're
running, and I think people in Washington are going to say what they are
going to say. It's really not the focus of our campaign.

GREGORY: Nicole, certainly, the McCain campaign has landed some blows
against senator Obama the last week and a half, some of the polling reflect
s
that in your estimation here, as we start to gear up to the convention, is
this a dead even race?

WALLACE: oh, god. I feel like we are still very much the underdog, and I
think that polls go up and polls go down. You and I have been involved in
more than a couple presidential campaigns and the only campaign and the onl
y
poll that matters is the one on Election Day. So, um, we're the underdog. I
think we expect to remain in that position. It's one that senator McCain is
comfortable running as. I think we'll look forward to staying neck in neck
through November.

*Highlight #2*
*Morris Dismisses Romney as Poor V.P. Choice For Flip-Flops on
Abortion*(FNC 08/08/08 8:18pm)
BILL O'REILLY: [=85] Who do you predict for John McCain?

DICK MORRIS: Predict Tom Ridge. Think he should do? Condi, Powell, or Joe
Lieberman. He needs a vice president that wakes up this campaign. And the
country says, wow.

O'REILLY: Yeah, but Lieberman's already had that shot. [=85]

MORRIS: Yeah, but he will be the first president since Abraham Lincoln to
cross party lines in his ticket.

O'REILLY: Let's deal with your Tom Ridge prediction.

MORRIS: Marine, Homeland Security, good looking guy, Pennsylvania.

O'REILLY: But, pro-abortion. That's going to hurt him among conservatives,
he's already weak there.

MORRIS: It'll hurt him, but not terminally, and Ridge will back and fill
like he did in Pennsylvania. He didn't change the Medicade ban in
Pennsylvania. And Ridge would be ok on that.

O'REILLY: Now how convinced are you that Ridge is going to get it?

MORRIS: Oh not. [=85] But the guy I'm praying it isn't, is Romney.

O'REILLY: See, I don't get that. Because I think Romney would be the best
choice, because for McCain obviously, because of Michigan. He gets that in
play, and because of the economy, he's a business guy. But you go ahead.

MORRIS: This guy outspent his rivals a hundred million to one. And he lost
New Hampshire, and Iowa, and Florida, and South Carolina, and California.
The only states he carried were Michigan, because his Dad was governor in a
republican primary which is a very small affair there, and a couple of
Mormon states, and a couple of states where nobody else could afford to run
because they were all spending money on California. There is a national
propensity not to vote for Romney.

O'REILLY: Why?

MORRIS: Well it could be the flip-flop on abortion, which is a reason not t
o
vote for him. It could be the Mormon, which is not a reason not to vote for
him but people feel it. And he would send, at best, a gigantic yawn, and at
worst an animus throughout the country.

O'REILLY: Now he's a conservative guy that could mobilize the base to be
friendlier to McCain, though. Some people might say, oh, I might come over.

MORRIS: But he's pro-life and pro-choice depending on week you find him in.

O'REILLY: No, but now he's a conservative.

MORRIS: Yeah, but 48 months ago he was a liberal.

O'REILLY: That's alright though, because, I mean, people have a right to
change their minds. Barack Obama changes his mind quite often.

MORRIS: You have the right to change your mind on abortion once. You can't
go from pro-life to pro-choice to pro-life, and expect the base to believe
you're pro-life.

O'REILLY: So you think if he puts Romney on the ticket it's a big mistake. 
I
disagree, I think Romney would probably bring him some votes.

*Highlight #3*
*McCain Is Takes Bronze in Olbermann's Worse Person For Hamdan Lies* (MSNBC
08/08/08 8:57pm)
KEITH OLBERMANN: Time for Countdown's worst person's in the world. The
bronze to John McCain. It will soon be news, not if he gets something
terribly wrong, but if he goes a week without getting something terrifyingl
y
wrong. The candidate issued a statement about the conviction of Salim Hamda
n
by military commission, which McCain helped to design, and he exaggerated
reality again. The jury found that the prosecutions lawyers had proven
beyond a reasonable doubt that Hamdan had aided terrorists by supplying
weapons to Al-Qaeda and Taliban forces in Afghanistan. But that's not what
the jury ruled. It convicted him of supplying resources to Al-Qaeda, namely
himself as Bin Laden's driver.  But this is getting clearer, John McCain
either lies or can't tell the difference between reality and stuff he
dreamed or imagined. Those are not two good options.

*Highlight #4*
*Donatelli Discusses McCain's Energy Plan and Vice Presidential
Selection*(MSNBC 08/08/08  1:17pm)
MITCHELL:  =85 you know that's not all of Barack Obama's energy policy. We'
re
in the silly season. What's going on here?

DONATELLI: I have a tire gauge right here, so when I finish this interview
I'm going to go out an inflate my tires right.

MITCHELL:  Actually you probably should.

DONATELLI:  It's not a bad idea, but it's a very small idea.  I think the
key point that Senator McCain is trying to make is that whether you want to
talk about his tire pressure  proposal or his windfall profits tax, or
anything else he's been talking about, nothing that he has proposed, this i
s
the important point,  adds a drop of additional domestic oil or additional
energy produced here in the United States for use by Americans.  That's the
bottom line.  For him it's all scarcity.  I mean he's morphing into Jimmy
Carter when it comes to his energy policy.

MITCHELL: In fairness to the  democratic nominee, he is talked about taking
70 million barrels out of strategic petroleum reserve; he has talked about
offshore drilling as part of a larger compromise; he's talked about
alternative fuels.  I mean he's got a number of things.  He's also talked
about rebates and putting money in consumers' pockets of a thousand dollars
,
paid for by the windfall profits tax, just to balance things up here.

DONATELLI:  Yeah, well let's talk about each of those.  Alternative fuels,
that's a good idea.  But you just can't wish it to happen.  It'll happen
when it becomes technologically feasible, and most people tell us that
that's not for several years.   Um, as far as this new plan for drilling
that he says he favors-  Andrea, there's no bill.  There's no bill at all.
It's just some speech that he gave.  I mean if he's for offshore drilling
and he's going to change his position, then let him say so.  Um, again, I
stand by my statement., that there's nothing that he's proposed that will
increase America's proven reserves.  McCain favors increasing America's
energy reserves, that's why there's such a big distinction on this issue.

MITCHELL: Of course, offshore drilling is a long-term solution, so is
nuclear power.  John McCain has talked about 45 new nuclear plants by 2030,
and that is considered pie in the sky, uh, a fantasy kind of scenario, give
n
how long it's taken to get even one nuclear plant license.  It's been
decades since anything's been licensed in this country.

DONATELLI:  You're absolutely right about that, but it's a government
created problem.  There isn't any reason why if we don't have the will in
this country, to try to untangle some of the red tape involved, that we
couldn't put nuclear plants online much quicker.

MITCHELL: It's also market-based and insurance-based.  Uh, it's liability
issues as well.

DONATELLI:  Well, I mean, we have to get to all of those, but I don't think
anyone would dispute that fact, Andrea, that the number one problem is red
tape for the government.  As far as oil becoming more available to the
United States quickly,  you can do that much more quickly in the Gulf of
Mexico, uh, because you have the infrastructure there already.  You know I'
m
really amazed Senator Obama claims to campaign on the audacity of hope, on
the issue of energy, he's hopeless. You know, nothing can be done.  Nothing
can be done.  It's going to take seven years.  It's gonna take ten years .
You should inflate your tires.  I mean, the obvious answer is staring him i
n
the face.  We have to drill for more energy and more oil and more gas.
That's the thing we need right now to gradually begin to bring the price
down.

MITCHELL: Now, the announcement today from the Republicans, that Dick Chene
y
will be the big speaker on Monday night.  Uh, tell me about the plusses and
minuses.  You've got a vice president who is very, very popular with the
Republican base, the conservative base.  He's been a great fundraiser, he's
a great campaigner.  At the same time, he's not popular with your wider
audience.  So, how do you bridge that divide?

DONATELLI: Well Monday night, uh, you know, would be the vice president.
Uh, and probably the president.  And, uh, normally it would be the first
night.   Uh, he's the president and vice president of our party, uh, you
want to give an appropriate- you want to honor them appropriately.  At that
point, Andrea, you then shift away, and you're talking about Senator McCain
and his running mate and his policies.  That'll be the focus for the rest o
f
the convention, highlighted, of course, on Saturday night by Senator
McCain's acceptance speech.

MITCHELL: So basically, you want to get Dick Cheney and George Bush on and
off the stage as quickly as possible, and have that torch passed because of
their singular unpopularity right now, fair or not,  with the voters.

DONATELLI:  Look, passing the torch I would agree with,  but I'll go back t
o
1988 when I worked for President Reagan.  Monday night was President
Reagan's night.  Um, he was honored, appropriately, then he exited the stag
e
in favor of then Vice President Bush.  I mean, this happens all the time, i
t
should not be any different in this case.

MITCHELL:  Now, as I recall in 1988, because it had something to do with th
e
way it unfolded,  1988 the vice presidential nominee was introduced on the
second night, the Tuesday night of the convention.  Can you imagine that
scenario, or do you expect that John McCain would be doing it sooner than
that , perhaps to step on the bounce that the democrats might have after
their convention?

DONATELLI:  You know, uh, Senator McCain is going to make his decision when
he's comfortable making it.  And I honestly can't tell you if that's going
to be the second night of the convention, before the convention, or
tomorrow.  All I can tell you is that he's giving serious thought.  This is
an important choice, and he'll make the decision, he'll announce it when
he's comfortable doing so.

MITCHELL:  Ok, he's in Iowa today, he's in Las Vegas tomorrow.  I think it'
s
a safe bet it's not going to be tomorrow.

--~--~---------~--~----~------------~-------~--~----~
You received this message because you are subscribed to the "big campaign" 
group.

To post to this group, send to user@domain.com

To unsubscribe, send email to user@domain.com

E-mail user@domain.com with questions or concerns

This is a list of individuals. It is not affiliated with any group or organ
ization.
-~----------~----~----~----~------~----~------~--~---

