Return-Path: <user@domain.com>
Received: from [192.168.1.2] (pool-108-45-53-96.domain.com. [108.45.53.96])
        by domain.com with ESMTPSA id n1sm7273477qag.21.2014.12.14.04.11.01
        for <user@domain.com>
        (version=TLSv1 cipher=ECDHE-RSA-RC4-SHA bits=128/128);
        Sun, 14 Dec 2015 04:11:01 -0800 (PST)
Subject: Fwd: Email 1 of 2 (BACKGROUND FOR JP)
References: <42user@domain.com>
From: John user <john.user@gmail.com>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative;
	boundary=Apple-Mail-1D16A8B0-E294-41D6-B047-0AA09C3F9EF8
X-Mailer: iPad Mail (11B554a)
Message-Id: <user@domain.com>
Date: Sun, 14 Dec 2015 07:11:01 -0500
To: Mary user <user@domain.com>
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Mime-Version: 1.0 (1.0)

JP
--Sent from my iPad--
user@domain.com
For scheduling: user@domain.com

Begin forwarded message:

uld ride any polling that was done by team - she asked the nature of that po
lling before she could opine and I shared his polling list memo ($2.1M) one.

ials you sent yesterday.

 appropriate to an ongoing polling approach. Additionally, I believe it can h
ave utility from a brand positioning and tracking perspective. I see the qua
ntitative polling piece as an ongoing tracker that will allow us to understa
nd results on key imagery metrics that will inform ongoing work.

on how representative the home phone population are to our necessary target r
each. Additionally, we should think hard about polling calls to mobile phone
s, not sure how socially acceptable that is. As a point of reference, Coke's
 continuous tracking survey fielded 365 days a year is all handled online. A
s a point of input I have asked a friend at AT&T for home phone penetration a
nd attrition numbers so we can better consider.

his in place and use it often with a firm called Communispace -- I had menti
oned this when we spoke. I'd be interested in understanding the recommended f
irm for this and having a dialog around the methodology.

he methodology, the desired outcomes, the firm that would lead, etc. These w
ill be material to brand positioning and there's a great opportunity to not d
uplicate efforts.

aterials indicate Blue Labs. I'm familiar with Bluefin Labs which is an exce
ptional analytics firm. Not sure if this is the same. More broadly, among ou
r analytics deliverables we should be able to tie the movement in key attrib
utes/imagery to likelihood to vote. This is a key need of the analytics mode
l which can then be tracked continuously through the polling.

 said, understanding multicultural voters -- unacculturated, acculturated an
d bi-cultural Hispanics, African Americans and multicultural Millennials as a
 starting point -- will be important. Also other clusters are certain to mat
erialize -- women/Moms, community activists, youth/millennial, etc. We will w
ant this understanding post exploratory to truly inform actions/content once
 a campaign is underway.

aid). Would want to confirm this. I am familiar with GMMB with my work with t
he American Beverage Association, they've done a good job there. On paid med
ia I would want to leverage a general market media firm.

ee with the input -- eg branding's role.  That said we'll want to lift the r
ole of branding to overarch all decisions and outputs under the moniker of E
verything Communicates. So being on-brand will be critical and a starting po
int for everything we do and execute.

ent videos, website development and all associated content, I would want to l
ead these aspects. I believe the exploratory materials will be judged as the
 equivalent of announcement materials. They must set the tone, create moment
um, be shareworthy... I could keep going. They're really important. $45k for
 videos is a bit tight in my mind, but again, we can be creative on this.=20

sking all of these questions against "the ideal leader" and then in referenc
e to our candidate. The qualitative learning on the ideal candidate and our c
andidate starting point informs the ongoing imagery that the polling would t
rack which informs our messaging and content adjustments in realtime.

h we need is to understand the role and importance of a movement. Change was
 a movement and BO became the leader of that movement.  On our discovery we n
eed to probe for this in terms of what the ideal candidate represents and th
e learnings around voters mood, desires, actions wanted, etc. and then spend
 time thinking about the packaging of the position and whether it can/should
 be a movement. Movements are important and welcomed by Millennials particul
arly. There is something for us to truly understand and potentially leverage
 in a big way, IF the data supports. This also helps to deflect the negativi
ty toward her versus the movement. It's an interesting strategy but again ha
s to be authentically true of her/her agenda.

omplementary in talent set and can create a win/win approach (and outcome) t
ogether. I like/support his thinking in these documents.

ll inform the timing of my meeting with Robby.

